More Actions Neil T has a account Neil T Frankel TAX ACCOUNTANT Tax Accountant CEO Hofstra University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a very clear and legally out of the box thinker. My goals are to keep my clients best interests as a priority and not to cause them unnecessary worry regarding taxes. I also try and save them tax dollars via tax deductions and tax credits often overlooked. My practice consists of over 500 clients who I try very hard to be of service to in a timely and highly professional efficient manner. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Tax Accountant CEO Tax Accountant Company Name MY OWN Dates Employed Jan 1979 – Present Employment Duration 38 yrs 6 mos Location 555 5th Avenue NYC 10017 Tax Preparation, tax consults and tax litigation. IRS LICENSED TAX ACCOUNTANT Company Name Neil T Frankel Accredited Tax Preparer, Registered Tax Return Preparer Dates Employed 1979 – Present Employment Duration 38 yrs Have a practice of over 500 clients, mostly Physicians and Dentists, but not limited to same. Specialize in all types of audits including tax related criminal cases.I am a very clear thinker, and my goal is to succeed with my clients best interests as a priority and not to cause them unnecessary worry regarding taxes. Gene Miller and Co CPAS Company Name New York Dates Employed Jan 1978 – Jan 1979 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Senior tax manager Gerard Glasser and Co CPAS Company Name Great Neck NY Dates Employed Jul 1976 – Jan 1978 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Junior Tax Manager Education Hofstra University Degree Name BBA ACCOUNTING/ECONOMICS/FINANCE Field Of Study ACCOUNTING Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1976 SUNY New Paltz Degree Name None Field Of Study ACCOUNTING AND FINANCE Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1973 Forest Hills High School Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Began interests in Accounting, Math, Finance and Meteorology! See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 118 endorsements for Tax Preparation 99+ Tax Preparation Howard Zarabet and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 103 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Winter M. Keyse and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 74 endorsements for Accounting 74 Accounting Endorsed by Harold Mandelbaum, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Lesley Brooks Designer at Freelance Designer Home Products and Interiors October 11, 2008, Lesley was a client of Neil T’S Neil is absolutely one of a kind. Have trusted and worked with Neil since my first job after college when I walked in with a shoe box filled with receipts etc. We still joke about that once in a while. Neil knows how to implement the laws to assist you in your long term financial goals. On more than one occaision he contacted me to better my situation and to put my funds in insured markets...........now you must understand I did not ask him.........he just offered his expertise and went over and above because of his care and concern. That "you're in good hands" thing that Allstate uses was copied from Neil-he's the original, and he's funny too! Leyla Turkkan PR | Strategic Marketing | Communications | Publicity March 11, 2007, Leyla was a client of Neil T’S Howard Rosenblum Senior managing Director September 11, 2012, Neil T was a client of Howard’s A real true gentleman to work with, that will help you 24/7.A class act professional! Accomplishments Interests SUNY New Paltz 40,728 followers TaxGuruHelp.com 4,367 members Hofstra University 83,620 followers Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members U.S. Income Taxes 21,086 members Association of International Accountants (AIA) 20,595 followers See all See all following
More Actions BECKY C. has a account BECKY C. LONG, TAX ACCOUNTANT BC LONG & ASSOCIATES, CONTADOROS Latino Tax Professionals Association University of Miami School of Law Greater New York City Area 462 462 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience ASSOCIATIONS Company Name Latino Tax Professionals Association Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs ACCOUNTANT Company Name BC LONG & ASSOCIATES Dates Employed Oct 1999 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 9 mos Location Lindenhurst, NY Managering Partner and Senior Auditor. ACCOUNTING & TAXES Company Name BC LONG & ASSOCIATES Dates Employed Oct 1999 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 9 mos TAXES (PERSONAL & BUSINESS) BUSINESS START-UPS, BOOKKEEPING, BUSINESS CONSULTANT, PAYROLL, NOTARY, ENTERTAINMENT LAW, REAL ESTATE FINANCIAL PLANNER, UNCONTESTED DIVORCES. HABLAMOS ESPANOL! ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT Company Name DELTA FUNDING Dates Employed Jan 1990 – Sep 1999 Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos ACCOUNTANT Education University of Miami School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (JD) Field Of Study LAW Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 STUDIED LAW University of Barcelona Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Spanish Language and Literature STUDIED SPANISH Volunteer Experience TEACHER Company Name CDC OF LI Dates volunteered Jan 2004 – Jun 2008 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 6 mos TEACHING HOW TO START YOUR OWN BUSINESS Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 66 endorsements for Tax 66 Tax Endorsed by Abraham Itani, CPA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 53 endorsements for Accounting 53 Accounting Endorsed by Richard Bonilla, MBA ✔ and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 37 endorsements for Tax Preparation 37 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Carlos C. Lopez, EA and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Margaret Mendez Attorney June 4, 2012, Margaret was a client of BECKY C.’s Becky Long has been my accountant for many years. Her knowledge of accounting as well as her Legal knowledge has been invaluable. She is also fluent in spanish. She has been an asset in my private practice as I have had the opportunity to consult with her on matters which required her accounting and legal knowledge. Becky is honest, efficient and reliable and a pleasure to work with. Marigrace LoMonaco Registered Nurse at Qualified and Ready to work May 19, 2012, Marigrace was a client of BECKY C.’s Becky Long has vast knowledge and expertise in her field. she is always willing to go the extra mile for better outcomes. She is always friendly and will always advise appropriately. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Margaret Mendez Attorney June 4, 2012, Margaret worked with BECKY C. in the same group Margaret is one of the best detailed Attorneys that i have had the pleasure to work with both professional and personally. She is fluent in Spanish as well and she is a wonderful asset to the Community. Accomplishments BECKY C. has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Spanish BECKY C. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification NSTP BECKY C. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization NSTP, NATP, NSA BECKY C. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication POEMS Interests Universitat de Barcelona 230,199 followers National Society of Accountants 10,129 members University of Miami School of Law 14,691 followers Universitat de Barcelona 218,490 followers Tax Professionals 114,663 members University of Miami School of Law 15,317 followers
More Actions Emily has a account Emily Kasper, CPA Tax Accountant Marubeni America Corporation Baruch College, City University of New York (CUNY) New York, New York 275 275 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Emily’s Activity 275 followers Empower, a business resource group at EmblemHealth, aims to promote a corporate culture where women’s personal and professional growth contributes to the success of our company and the communities that we serve. Last week, EmblemHealth Vice President Michelle Lyddon shared insights with EmblemHealth employees on taking measured career risks. Emily liked See all activity Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Marubeni America Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, New York Federal Income Tax ReturnsState & Local Income Tax Returns Tax Accountant Company Name New York Life Insurance Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Information Return Reporting for Federal AgenciesInformation Return Reporting for State and Local GovernmentsWithholding and Other Employment Tax Payments and ReturnsFederal Tax ProvisionFederal Income Tax Returns Senior Representative Company Name New York Life Insurance Company Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, NY Account ReconciliationResolution Services Staff Accountant Company Name EisnerAmper LLP Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Income tax returns, extensions, and estimatesTax correspondenceCompilations and reviews of financial statements Accounting Associate Company Name New York Life Insurance Company Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Unclaimed PropertyBank ReconciliationEmployee Benefit Accounting See more positions Education Baruch College, City University of New York (CUNY) Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Marymount Manhattan College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Westchester Community College Degree Name Associate of Arts and Sciences (AAS) Field Of Study Social Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation Account Reconciliation Click and drag to reorder skills Bank Reconciliation Bank Reconciliation Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements Financial Statements Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,400,963 followers Coach 163,539 followers Harvard Business Review 4,256,942 followers Peloton Cycle 6,805 followers Forbes 4,679,845 followers Accounting Professionals USA 5,415 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Castillo Seasoned Tax Accountant Midtown CPA Firm De La Salle University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail More than 15 years of experience in tax compliance and business consulting. Broad base tax accounting generalist, while specialized in global mobility services and international tax. I have worked with: high net worth individuals, family groups, businesses, and multinational companies; and across various industries. Enrolled Agent (EA) with Internal Revenue Service; Global Mobility Specialist (GMS) with Worldwide ERC. Pursuing Certified Public Accountant (CPA) credential. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Andrew’s Activity 979 followers Geek Mode ON: hitting the books again for another professional credential. Mentally conditioning myself to focus and over-prepare (which also means having to miss summer fun and soirees over the next half of the year). Wish me luck! 🤓 Andrew shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Midtown CPA Firm Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location New York, NY Partnerships, S-Corps, Estates & Trusts, C-Corps, Private Foundations, HNW & Family Groups, LLCsConsolidated CorpsMulti-State filings, Sales and Use Quickbooks Media (1) This position has 1 media L. H. Frishkoff & Company LLP L. H. Frishkoff & Company LLP This media is a link Tax & Business Advisor Company Name Taxvision Inc Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Streamlined Filing Compliance Procedure, Individual taxpayers, High Net Worth individuals, Partnerships, S-Corps, C-Corps, Trusts, Business start-ups, LLCs1040, 1065, 1120S, 1120, 10412555, 1116, 8621 PFIC, 8804/8805, 3520, 8865, 1118Multi-State filingsTax Notices/AuditsFBARs, FATCA Media (1) This position has 1 media Home Home This media is a link Tax Consultant Company Name Tax Consulting Dates Employed 2010 – 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location New York, NY Consulting clients served: Robert Half, Brix and Partners, Dani NY, Gerson Lehrman Group, Individual taxpayers, High Net Worth individualsOffshore Voluntary Disclosure Program (OVDP), FBARs1040, 2555, 1116, 1065 Schedule K-1, 5471, 8865, 1118Multi-State filingsQuickbooks Media (1) This position has 1 media Tax consulting project Tax consulting project This media is an image Tax Manager Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed 2001 – 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location New York, NY Expatriate / Inpatriate tax compliance, consulting and administrationGlobal Mobility Services1040, 2555, 1116, Dual Status, 1040NR, Multi-State filingsFBARsTax Notices/AuditsTax Treaties, Totalization AgreementsTax Equalization, Hypo Calcs, Payroll Gross-ups, Assignment Cost Projections, Tax Counseling, Global Compensation Review Media (1) This position has 1 media Global Mobility Services Global Mobility Services This media is a link Tax Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed 2000 – 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Singapore Expatriate tax compliance and consultingInternational Assignment Services1040, 2555, 1116, State filingTax Equalization Media (1) This position has 1 media International Assignment Services in Asia International Assignment Services in Asia This media is a link See more positions Education De La Salle University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Commerce Field Of Study major in Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Activities and Societies: AIESEC AIESEC Media (1) This position has 1 media De La Salle University : About DLSU : Quick Facts and Figures De La Salle University : About DLSU : Quick Facts and Figures This media is a link Ateneo de Manila High School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Glee Club Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 35 endorsements for International Tax 35 International Tax Endorsed by 3 of Andrew’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 24 endorsements for Tax 24 Tax Endorsed by Ken Guilfoyle, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's List Encore Award Most Innovative Product of the Year Andrew has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent Global Mobility Specialist Andrew has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tagalog Andrew has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Association of Enrolled Agents Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,514,107 followers International Network for US Expatriate Tax Professionals 413 members Gucci 350,791 followers Garde Robe Online 121 followers Peter GuberPeter Guber is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Mandalay Entertainment; Owner Golden State Warriors, Los Angeles Dodgers, LAFC (MLS); #1 NYT Bestselling Author 400,723 followers Walt Disney Internet Group 15,059 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael JP has a account Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA - Tax Accountant Tax Accountant ProFinder - Helping To Minimize The Imact Of Taxes - Contact Me To Learn More - fundme@2bcrowdfunded.com #Tax Accountant CPA Financial Planner Helping Business Owners Increase The Amount They Take Home Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail P: +866-437-7769 / E: fundme@2bcrowdfunded.com - Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Tax Accountant Bookkeeping CPA financial planner turned Advocate for helping busy business owners' maximize their free cash flows, minimize out of control taxes, and gain control in their businesses! Veteran - Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP®, MsTAX, - Certified Crowd Funding Professional Michael is a CPA in Northwest Houston, Texas helping business owners gain control of their businesses from the inside, so that they can extract the kind of lifestyle and wages they really deserve. I especially enjoying working with good families, with great kids who need help in finding ways to help pay for their education. If you are a business owner and are worried about how you are going to be able to afford to send your kids to college, we need to talk, because time is not on your side in this instance! How do you know which type of adviser is RIGHT for your family and it's tax situtation? Are you totally confused by how to get more customers or more cash flows out of your business or from minimizing the impact of taxes and fees? I solved this... I do it by planning out a strategically focused Cash Generation campaign tailor-made for each owners'​ specific needs, one that caters to the business owners looking to raise capital to grow their wages or to exit their business. If you need impartial advice about different avenues your business or personal finances can take, we need to talk! I offer a FREE 20 minute consultation, contact me at 866-437-7769. Or if you want to learn more, please send me a connection request to Connect with me on LinkedIn (FundMe@2bCrowdFunded.com) and request your Free 20 minute Business Analysis. Michael was able to study for, the Certified Public Accountant Exam (CPA), the Certified Financial Planner Exam (CFP)®, the Series 65 Uniform Investment Advisor Exam, the (CFA)® (Level One), and the Certified Crowd Funding Professional Exam (CCFP). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant CPA Bookkeeper Who Can Help You With Minimizing Your Taxes - #CPA 1-866-437-7769 Company Name #Tax Accountant CPA Financial Planner Helping Business Owners Increase The Amount They Take Home Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos Location Houston, Texas Area You know how business owners and busy executives are always looking for someone to help grow their business, or help them to make sense of investing in real estate, or how are they going to be able to afford sending not just one kid, but all of their kids to college. You know real help, not just focusing on taxes and bookkeeping, Help that focuses on four core areas that can have a real impact in the life of your business, growth creation, protection solutions, exit strategies, and tax minimization. What you need is a CPA who is an impartial voice in the important decisions of your business. Well, I am that type of CPA, I am currently looking for business owners who need a little extra help to create real positive change in the way they run their business. I am not looking for everyone, I am only looking for those business owners who need to have a direct effect on life. If you are a business owner wanting to build and grow a business, while ensuring that we are protecting your family and your wealth, through proper exit planning and tax minimization, then we need to talk. If you are that type of business owner that could really use a fresh perspective on alternative ways to simplify their business life and can appreciate the advice of a trusted advisor, then reach out, and let's connect and schedule a brief get to know one another call. ✉ - fundme@2bcrowdfunded.com or ☎ to chat - 866-437-7769WWW.MICHAELJPFITZGERALD.COMhttp://calendly.com/2bcrowdfunded/15min Media (8) This position has 8 media Previous Next A Wealth Of Information A Wealth Of Information This media is an image Kickercon Keynote Presenter - Michael JP Kickercon Keynote Presenter - Michael JP This media is an image The CrowdFunding Text Book & CD 1 The CrowdFunding Text Book & CD 1 This media is an image How CrowdFunding Works - CPA CrowdFunding Consulting How CrowdFunding Works - CPA CrowdFunding Consulting This media is an image 2bCrowdFunded Digital Magazine 2bCrowdFunded Digital Magazine This media is an image The Book On CrowdFunding - Michael Fitz. The Book On CrowdFunding - Michael Fitz. This media is an image Who Knows How CrowdFunding Works? Who Knows How CrowdFunding Works? This media is an image CPA CrowdFunding Help CPA CrowdFunding Help This media is an image CPA Real Etate CROWDFUNDING, Tax Planning And Investment Expert and Author Company Name Author Tax CPA Who Knows, Advanced Bookkeeping , Real Estate, Taxes, Investments, And Start-Ups Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Getting involved in the 2bCrowdFunded Digital Magazine Project is giving you the opportunity to contribute to something really special! First and foremost you are being given the chance to become part of something at its earliest stages. With you help this project will be a success, and you’ll be able to say that you were part of the movement.If you cannot get involved, you can still contribute by telling all of your friends and family about this project. If ten people mention your name when they subscribe or get involved as a contributor, you will get a free download of a private training that we recorded to show business owners’ short cuts to cash flow, and also be listed as a supporter in our 1st ever resource guide.The support from the CrowdFunding fan community and everyone who has been part of the project so far has been amazing. Thank you all so much for all you do.If you would like to get involved, in exchange for your help we are offering the chance to secure the extremely limited Autographed special edition of the first ever 2bCrowdFunded Digital Magazine Print Edition and bunch of never before released training guides, checklists, and templates.So becoming involved is the only way to have access to this unique training material. Content providers will receive a handsome 6” X 9 Autographed copy of my 4th book, “The 4X4 Income Chunking Model” and a one page opportunity to present in our very first ever resource guide. So like us, fan us, connect with us, blog about us, talk about us, and send in the link to be invited to this select group, were you or your company can be featured to the world of CrowdFunding.This is a limited time offer and will be taken down at 5:04 P.M. on May 17th. If you want the opportunity to be part of something big, now is your chance, don’t let it pass you by. Regret is one of the worst feelings!Once again, thank you for your support and encouragement. Media (3) This position has 3 media Unlock America's Veterans Unlock America's Veterans This media is an image Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Certified Crowd Funding Professional (CCFP) Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Certified Crowd Funding Professional (CCFP) This media is an image Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Certified Crowd Funding Professional (CCFP) Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Certified Crowd Funding Professional (CCFP) This media is an image ◆CPA RESEARCHER ◆TAX PROBLEM SOLVER ◆VETERAN PUBLIC SPEAKER. Company Name Author On Ways To Help Business Onwing Parent's Of High School Students Pay For College Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Thousands have read his articles, heard him speak either on TV or on radio and are now able to interact with him as the host of The 2bCrowdFunded Show.Successful savers use Total Wealth By Design training to get the best from their personal net worth. Michael JP Fitzgerald has moved over 28 times and understands how in each new situation you need to figure out WHAT YOU HAVE and HOW YOU can USE IT to get what YOU WANT! This is the key to his instruction in helping entrepreneurs and executives get what they want!Michael has been featured on Fox Business, Forbes, Financial Planning Magazine, CPA Wealth Provider, and has been seen on ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, Research, Registered Rep., Accounting Today, and in dozens of other publications, radio shows, and live events.Today, entrepreneurs looking to use the power of the CROWD, executives looking on ways to CASH OUT, students looking to create CASH FLOW, and emerging investors looking for ways to create REPLICATED INCOME work with Michael JP Fitzgerald to help them learn how CROWDFUNDING can help them to grow their careers, help them to BUILD real wealth, become CREDIBLE and INFLUENCE, RELEVANT, and SMILING through the process. MILLIONS of people (and their Companies) are discovering that using what YOU HAVE to get what YOU WANT is better than hoping for more. Media (2) This position has 2 media Solving The CrowdFunding Puzzle Solving The CrowdFunding Puzzle This media is an image CrowdFunding Resource Guide CrowdFunding Resource Guide This media is an image ULTRA HIGH NET WORTH BUSINESS WEALTH CREATION STRATEGIST Company Name WEALTH CREATION AUTHORITY & BUSINESS OWNER CONSULTANT Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos Michael JP Fitzgerald’s books, videos, newsletters, products, and appearances now inspire wealth creators in a way never seen before. Though best known for his Tax Expertise and Retirement Income Replacement Solutions, Michael is on speed dial as the go to wealth management authority to some of the world’s leading business owners and private real estate investors. Media (2) This position has 2 media Texas Intra-State CrowdFunding Exemption Texas Intra-State CrowdFunding Exemption This media is an image Learn To Use Title III To Create Wealth Learn To Use Title III To Create Wealth This media is an image CPA CrowdFunding Tax Expert, Capital For Real Estate, Fund Raising Feasibility, Raise Growth Capital Company Name CrowdFunding Expert Consulting | Client CrowdFunding Expert Aggies Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Do you have the Crowd to raise capital? Do you know how to implement Title III or Texas Intra-state CrowdFunding Exemption? Media (2) This position has 2 media How To Use General Solicitation How To Use General Solicitation This media is an image CrowdFunding Battle Plan CrowdFunding Battle Plan This media is an image See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name Masters of Accounting - Tax & Consulting Field Of Study Tax & Business Consulting Grade Business Owner Tax Planning & Consulting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Vice President of Recruiting - Beta Alpha Psi Texas State National Guard - Infantry Squad Leader Texas A&M Veteran's Association Tax Planning & Retirement Income Analysis Texas A&M University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade Focus On Financial & Operational Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Texas A&M University - Mays Business School Degree Name Masters of Science in Accounting Field Of Study Tax Consulting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Vice President of Recruiting Professional Program in Accounting - Tax Consulting Track I help Aggies plan for retirement, I help Aggie Vets return to A&M to get their advanced degrees under the Hazlewood Act. See more education Volunteer Experience Veteran Advisor Company Name Red, White & Bike Dates volunteered May 2016 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Helping Red, White & Bike - Reach Their Targeted Goals In Helping Veterans Real Estate Committee Member Company Name CPA - Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants Dates volunteered Jul 2008 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs Cause Education Real Estate Committee Member/Panel Leader Veteran Personal Finances Instructor Company Name Texas A&M University Dates volunteered Aug 2009 – Aug 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Instructor on Personal Finances for Disabled Veterans Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 100 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by 4 of Michael JP’S colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 135 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Josef Holm and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael JP’S colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 125 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 99+ Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Josef Holm and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael JP’S colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (23) Given (2) David Mishelevich, M.D., Ph.D. CEO TherOzone April 3, 2017, David was a client of Michael JP’S Michael’s actual experience in various modes of fundraising and his ability based on that experience to compare the pros and cons while sorting out what specifically applicable to one’s own situation is significant (potentially in our case lease-to-own)! He communicates in an engaging manner that made my learning experience both broadband and efficient. Very impressive and many thanks; I HIGHLY recommend him! Todd Harper Hard Charging, Collaborative Executive Leader that Develops Successful Teams and Organizations. March 7, 2017, Todd was a client of Michael JP’S Michael is one of the most dedicated professional CPAs I have met. I know him through his work at ACCRUE - Bookkeeping, Payroll & Tax, he was able to create a paperless business bookkeeping solution. Michael is an excellent, smart and loyal Tax Business Coach, a person you can trust when you want to be sure that important tasks will be completed in a systematic and precise way. He is energetic, honest, eager, and customer-service oriented professional. He is always ready to deal with difficult situations and solve problems on time. View 21 more recommendations View 21 more recommendations recommendations Christopher Ignited Business Developer • Chief Marketing Officer • Consultant • Agent • Broker • Liaison • Solutions Expert August 8, 2015, Christopher was a client of Michael JP’S I spoke with Christopher about helping him to ignite his passion to help celebrities rebuild cars to help at-risk children. Christopher seems very knowledgeable and really wants to find new ways to help serve his clients through growing the local car show markets. If you are looking for insight into the custom car show market, Christopher is your guy! S Kirkpatrick Experienced writing services: ghostwriting, screenplay writing, editing, proofreading; consulting April 29, 2015, Michael JP worked with S but at different companies Shirley did a great job editing some work for me, she is timely, responsive and always there with a kind word. Michael JP Fitzgerald Accomplishments Michael JP has 55 projects 55 Expand projects section Projects Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Where to Retire - The Authority on Retirement Relocation Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Selected as a ★★★★★ FIVE STAR: Best in Client Satisfaction Wealth Managers Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Houston Public Media - Helping Disabled Veterans Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - Cover Of Financial Planning Magazine Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - YFS Magazine (Young, Fabulous & Self-Employed) The Motley Fool By Michele Lerner - Benefits of Using Insurance In Retirement Planning The Suit - Promoting Enterprise Through Infrmation - Retirement Income Replacement Accounting Today's - 2013 Wealth Magnets Leading CPA Financial Planners - Fitzgerald Financial Partners, LLC (Houston, Texas) Quicken - Tim Plaehn "Taking Financial Inventory: Examining Your Spending Habits" Western Union Business Solutions (Ultra High Net Worth Forum) - Dawn Reiss Michael JP has 32 courses 32 Expand courses section Courses Accounting & Financial Information Systems Accounting Communication Accounting Directed Studies Accounting Information Systems Accounting Professional Development Seminar Auditing Beginning Russian I Beginning Russian II Business & Corporate Strategy Business Finance Michael JP has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Crowd Funding Professional - (CCFP) Series 65 Uniform Investment Advisor Exam - Investment Advisor Representative Personal Financial Specialist Designation - (PFS) Certified Financial Planner - (CFP) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) - Texas Registered Investment Advisor in Texas - (INACTIVE) ★★★★★ Five Star Advisor - Inactive Certified Public Accountant - (CPA) - Washington, D.C. (INACTIVE) Michael JP has 6 test scores 6 Expand test scores section Test Scores CERTIFIED CROWDFUNDING PROFESSIONAL (CCFP) CHARTERED FINANCIAL ANALYST - (CFA) - LEVEL I PERSONAL FINANCIAL SPECIALIST (PFS) & (CPA/PFS) & (CPA & PFS) (ACCREDITED BY AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS) REGISTERED INVESTMENT ADVISOR (SERIES 65) CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT (CPA) Michael JP has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Brightscope - Advisor Verification Certificate of Appreciation - The American Legion Certificate of Nomination For Lifetime Membership - The Amerian Legion Certificate of Service - The American Legion U.S. Army Certificate of Appreciation Michael JP has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications How CrowdFunding Works ZOMBIE RETIREMENT NATION: A Planning Guidebook For Fighting Your Way Through Retirement - BY: Michael JP Fitzgerald, CPA/PFS, CFP, MsTAX - BLACK OPS EDITION ZOMBIE RETIREMENT NATION - Continued 2BCrowdFunded Digital Magazine Michael JP has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Michael JP has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization The Big Event Interests Blinn College 19,069 followers CrowdFunding Focus 302 followers Kleo Inc. 67 followers Eurekacrowdfund 25 followers Coastal Shows 52 followers Fund Dreamer 131 followers See all See all following
More Actions Susan has a account Susan Li Tax Accountant Citrin Cooperman City University of New York-Hunter College Greater New York City Area 242 242 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Citrin Cooperman Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos - Prepare tax returns for partnerships, corporations, individuals, trusts, condo/co-op, etc.- Prepare a variety of forms including 1099’s, 1096, IT-204-LL, Power of Attorney, Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Report (FBAR), etc.- Prepare and update tax provision schedules- Prepare individual tax projections to ensure proper tax planning for clients- Prepare estimated federal and state income tax payments- Maintain required level of technical knowledge Tax Intern Company Name Citrin Cooperman Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs - Obtained PTIN through IRS to prepare tax returns, extensions and estimates for individuals, partnerships, corporations, gift tax, etc.- Prepare, update and maintain accurate information in “go file room” system- Audit client’s documents and file to update incomplete and missing paperwork in a timely manner- Scan confidential documents into electronic filing system and categorize them for retrieval and review Administrative Intern Company Name Citrin Cooperman Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos - Maintained and collated tax returns- Ensured smooth office operations; accurately filed over 100 documents per day to maintain orderly workplace- Assisted with all other office administrative duties Impact Team Member Company Name Hollister Co. Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos - Assisted customers in selecting appropriate merchandise- Extensive work with visual standards and merchandising high-ticket items- Supported management by restocking merchandise and maintaining excellent customer service standard Summer Intern Company Name Federal Reserve Bank of New York Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos - Organized and scanned documents in a timely manner- Maintained and conserved historical confidential documents for retrieval Education City University of New York-Hunter College Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Baruch College, City University of New York (CUNY) Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Fort Hamilton HS Featured Skills & Endorsements PowerPoint See 6 endorsements for PowerPoint 6 PowerPoint Irene Chen and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Irene Chen and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Word 2 Microsoft Word Irene Chen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Susan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Citrin Cooperman 4,522 followers Baruch College 118,640 followers Academy of Finance 1,817 members Hunter College 83,268 followers Baruch College 114,188 followers COAP Alumni 470 members See all See all following
More Actions Isaac has a account Isaac Levinzon , CPA Senior Tax Accountant at Eshel & Partners LLP Eshel & Partners LLP Touro College New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Isaac’s Activity 736 followers The Top Five Mobile Marketing Trends to Know in 2017 | oneAudience Isaac liked NY LASER OUTLET is EXPANDING!!! 😁💃🏻💥 Thank you, thank you and thank you to all of our amazing clients!!! Without YOU, we would not be where we are. I truly appreciate every single one of you. From New York to Abu Dhabi to Brazil, WE LOVE YOU ALL!!! ❤️❤️❤️ Today is my birthday and the day we are adding the Penthouse to NY Laser Outlet!!! 💥😎💃🏻👌🏻 Cheers to another year of our clients/families growth!!! Our motto at NY Laser Outlet, is when our clients do well, we do well!!! So keep up the great work and we are always available to assist you. From buying to selling to repairs and training, we have you covered! ❤️😎👌🏻 Love, Your Family at NY Laser Outlet ❤️❤️❤️ Isaac liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Eshel & Partners LLP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Tax and Business Consultant Company Name Taxvision Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Federal and state tax return preparation for individuals, partnerships, C and S corporations.Preparation of foreign clients’ tax returns with different immigration statuses - 1040 NR and dual status tax returns.Preparation of tax returns based on tax treaty position.Tax return preparation for U.S citizens and residents living abroad including, but not limited to, forms 2555 and 1116.Performance of “Offshore Voluntary Disclosure” and “Stream Line” processes.Filing FBARs for individuals and companies.Preparation and filing of forms relating to international taxation including, but not limited to, 5471, 5472 and 8804.Collaboration with tax lawyers to develop cost-effective solutions to specific tax challenges.Consultations with principals of prospective businesses concerning tax implications of various business structures, organizational jurisdiction, capital contributions and related matters.Research of federal and state law and regulations concerning individual and corporate tax matters Internal Auditor Company Name Grant Thornton Israel Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos •Participated in a team with senior Management in the development of annual audit plans.•Performed internal audits in Israel, Europe (Bulgaria, Romania, Turkey and Holland) and in the U.S in leading companies such as: Carlsberg-Tuborg (Production, distribution and retail), Müller (Distribution and retail), Retalix (Software), TBI Bank (Financial Services) and Kardan (Real Estate). •Performed risk assessments of the above companies which helped Management mitigate potential risks.•Sox- Reviewed and participated in the implementation and documentation of processes to ensure compliance of public companies with governmental regulations.•Reviewed and analyzed the accuracy and relevance of reports (A/R, A/P, budget and P&L) that were presented to Management. Accountant Company Name A.Kanfi CPA New York Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York •Prepared bank reconciliations, accounts receivables and maintenance of business accounts using QuickBooks. •Created Payrolls using “Accountant world” software.•Analyzed risks and detected discrepancies in clients’ personal reconciliations and modified as needed. •Prepared Sales Taxes to retail clients.•Assisted in maintaining general ledgers of clients. Education Touro College New York Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Successfully completed the CPA exams Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 13 endorsements for General Ledger 13 General Ledger Endorsed by 2 of Isaac’s colleagues at Eshel, Aminov & Partners LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 8 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 8 Microsoft Excel Daniel Borukhov and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 6 endorsements for PowerPoint 6 PowerPoint Daniel Borukhov and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Isaac has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Spanish Interests Taxvision 41 followers The Peak Accounting & Audit Groups 15,542 followers Rotenberg Meril, Certified Public Accountants 341 followers Eshel, Aminov & Partners LLP 72 followers Bloomberg BNA 34,020 followers Touro College 26,059 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gina has a account Gina Torrez Tax Accountant Torrez & Associates LLC University of Long Beach Long Beach, California 105 105 connections Send InMail I am currently a self-employed tax accountant working in Long Beach, CA. I have been preparing detailed individual and corporate tax returns for over ten years. The value I place on the customer is what sets me apart from other tax accountant professionals. Please connect with me to learn more about the services I provide. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Torrez & Associates LLC Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location Long Beach, CA •Talented tax accountant, currently managing a portfolio of 80 clients nationwide, including single families and large corporations.•Provided tax counseling including tax strategies by researching federal, state, and local taxation issues.While working with individual clients, I have:•Prepared personal tax returns and assisted with tax planning•Maximized my clients’ investment growth by helping them plan their retirement and prepare their estates. •Recommended important alterations to my clients’ investment strategies which lead to double to profits.When working with businesses, partnerships and corporations I have:•Prepared corporate tax returns for business with revenue exceeding $20 million•Navigated state and federal taxes, leading to increased deductions for my clients, especially regarding payroll.•Helped businesses establish corporation status•Developed & implemented an innovative payroll system •Prepared returns and like-kind-exchanges•Established reporting requirements for limited partnership such as the creation and distribution of schedule K-1.•Lead clients and companies through legal disputes resulting from the dissolution of partnerships and associated allocation of tax liabilities. Accountant Company Name A Plus Accounting Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Long Beach, CA • Prepared Personal taxes according to national and state law in order to ensure the highest quantity of write-offs. • Advised companies on allocating initial capital contributions• Developed positive relationships with clients and team members• Prepared clients for audits and assembled appropriate paperwork in the event of an audit.• Assisted the client’s legal Counsel on how to respond to audit inquires and move to a favorable settlement.• Assisted clients with establishing tax deferred retirement accounts and tax deferred college savings accounts. Education University of Long Beach Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Vice President of Community Service Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Adam Houlahan ♠Social Media for Business♠ and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Adam Houlahan ♠Social Media for Business♠ and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 2 endorsements for Corporate Tax 2 Corporate Tax Adam Houlahan ♠Social Media for Business♠ and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gina has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Gina has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tax Accountants of America Interests University of San Francisco Dons Helping Dons 4,397 members
More Actions Kenneth has a account Kenneth Beir , Tax Accountant, QuickBooks Expert Tax Preparation Specialist | Accounting Services | Bookkeeping | Tax Advisor | Beir Accounting - Coral Springs, FL Beir Accounting & Income Tax, Inc. of Coral Springs, FL Florida Atlantic University Pompano Beach, Florida 145 145 connections Send InMail Beir Accounting & Income Tax Inc, a Coral Springs accounting firm has a team of accountants, tax experts, and QuickBooks Certified ProAdvisor with 30 years of experience. We provide accounting services, personal and corporate tax preparation, bookkeeping services, QuickBooks accounting, new business start up advice and incorporation advice, and consulting services including: Personal Tax Preparation - Form 1040 for individuals Corporation Tax Preparation - Form 1120S for S corporations Partnership or Limited Liability Tax Preparation - Form 1065 for LLC QuickBooks monthly accounting services QuickBooks training QuickBooks setup Payroll tax processing Payroll tax returns Bookkeeping services Tax Planning Strategies Our team of accountants, tax experts, small business specialists, and QuickBook experts provide monthly accounting and payroll services and give tax and accounting advice to our clients to educate them with tax saving techniques. Let our Accounting and Tax Center provide you a reasonable quote to prepare your Form 1040 tax return or corporate tax return and show you how to minimize your taxes. Sit down with an accountant and get some expert advice. Reasonable Fees Outstanding and Personal Service Let us review your last years tax return and show you what tax deductions your accountant missed. Free Consultation ! Free Tax Review ! Free Tax Advice ! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Beir Accounting & Income Tax, Inc. of Coral Springs, FL Dates Employed Jan 1980 – Present Employment Duration 37 yrs 6 mos Location 754-600-9726 Coral Springs FL Our firm of accountants and small business specialists have prepared over 15,000 income tax returns for individuals and small businesses. Beir Accounting & Income Tax, Inc of Coral Springs, FL provides these services: Personal Tax PreparationCorporate Tax Preparation, QuickBooks Accounting, Monthly Bookkeeping, Incorporation, Entity Selection.Financial Statement PreparationFREE Tax Advice for all clients We save you every penny in taxes and show you in detail how to take advantage of every deduction. Call our accounting firm now and get some free tax advice !! Media (1) This position has 1 media Tax Preparation, Accounting Services, QuickBooks Accounting Tax Preparation, Accounting Services, QuickBooks Accounting This media is an image President Company Name Beir Accounting Dates Employed Jan 1980 – Present Employment Duration 37 yrs 6 mos Prepare income tax returns for small businesses and individuals, Quickbooks consulting, and accounting services. Partner Company Name Brandon, Beir and Co CPA Dates Employed Jan 1980 – Jun 1985 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Prepared income tax returns for individuals, corporations, trusts, estates, and retirement plans and provided accounting services for monthly clients Education Florida Atlantic University Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1977 Studied accounting, accounting principles, concepts, and accounting systems, finance, and small business accounting with real live business models. University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1969 – 1971 Took income tax, accounting, and audit courses and took many business courses. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 23 endorsements for Tax Preparation 23 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Dennis Reeber, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Tom Andersen and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 12 endorsements for Income Tax 12 Income Tax OSCAR J. GARCIA-VILLALTA and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rodney Clark, SHRM-SCP Labor Relations Manager at HCA December 3, 2014, Rodney was a client of Kenneth’s 5 star rating***** Consistently exceeds client expectations, competent, customer service orientated. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kenneth has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification QuickBooks Certified ProAdvisor Kenneth has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Kenneth has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project QuickBooks Interests Florida Atlantic University 119,120 followers CPAs 18,900 members Florida Atlantic University 113,962 followers University of Tennessee, Knoxville 151,144 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members University of Tennessee, Knoxville 154,820 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nedda has a account Nedda Lemman Owner, Nedda Tax Accountant, Inc. Nedda Tax Accountant, Inc. University of Phoenix Phoenix, Arizona Area 159 159 connections Send InMail For almost eighteen years now, we have been helping our clients with their tax issues The mission of Nedda Tax Accountant, Inc. is to save our clients’ time and to help them understand the financial health of their company. We do this by providing timely, accurate, and meaningful financial information and advice to our clients of all industries, while maintaining the privacy of our clients’ sensitive information. We pride ourselves in making a strong commitment to our clients, and feel a vested interest in their success and in the success of our community. We are known for our values, ethics, dedication, professionalism, and knowledge. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Nedda Tax Accountant, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 1997 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 8 mos I have provided accounting and tax services for businesses for the past 18 years. My client base varies from small home based office businesses to large multi-million dollar corporations. I provide various services including IRS tax representation, bookkeeping; prepare payroll and sales tax reports, monthly accounting, annual personal and business tax returns and specialized troubleshooting and cleanup services for QuickBooks. Office Manager Company Name Jewelry Store Dates Employed Jan 1993 – Feb 1994 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos I managed the office tasks for the jewelry store. This included handling the jewelry loan processing, bookkeeping, and bank deposits. Restaurant Manager Company Name Various Restaurants Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Jan 1990 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo In charge of a staff of twelve employees. I took care of the scheduling for the employees, inventory, customer service, and the daily bookkeeping. Education University of Phoenix Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 American Commercial College-Lubbock Degree Name Associate of Arts (A.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 21 endorsements for Accounting 21 Accounting Endorsed by Darryl Oliver and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 18 endorsements for Small Business 18 Small Business Briann Lippold and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 17 endorsements for Payroll 17 Payroll Endorsed by Bob L., who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Thomas Sorrells Tax Manager at Mesa Business & Tax Services. Inc. January 23, 2014, Thomas worked with Nedda in different groups Nedda has the complete accounting firm. She is an enrolled agent with the IRS giving her the ability to represent her clients before the IRS from audit through the tax collection process. She has 3 experienced bookkeepers in her office making her office a complete bookkeeping, accounting and income tax office. I know her as a board member of the Arizona Society of Practicing Accountants and the president of the East Valley Chapter. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nedda has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent Return Tax Return Prepare Nedda has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Leadership Club Member Padgett Growth Rate Award Nedda has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Nedda has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Arizona Society of Practicing Accountants (ASPA) Interests NAWBO National 815 followers Gilbert, Arizona 1,780 followers AccountantsWorld 33,562 followers University of Phoenix 786,308 followers American Commercial College-Lubbock 215 followers American Commercial College-Lubbock 206 followers See all See all following
More Actions Elizabeth B. has a account Elizabeth B. Moore, CPA, MTX - Tax Accountant Income Tax Specialist for Individuals, Expatriates, and Businesses at RGO CPAs RGO, CPAs (Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC) Old Dominion University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Elizabeth B. Moore - Income Tax Specialist with RGO, CPAs (Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnnell, LLC) is an experienced, consultant in tax and small business accounting services for both U.S. citizens and foreign residents working in the U.S. and abroad (expatriates in particular.) Elizabeth has been in public accounting since 1993 when she started her career with Cotton and Co. CPAs in Alexandria, Virginia as a governmental and compliance auditor of Federal contractors. When she worked in Alexandria, she was in close proximity to Washington D.C. This may have been the start of her interest in working with both U.S. citizens working abroad as well as foreign persons working in the U.S. The tax complexities involved with planning and consulting for foreign citizens and expatriates has been fascinating to her for many years. She moved to Denver, Colorado from Virginia in 2000 and continued her public accounting career by helping individuals and small businesses with tax and accounting services. She has continued to serve expatriate and international clients here in Denver and hopes someday to be widely recognized as a specialist in that tax arena. She has worked with clients that have lived and worked in Iraq, the U.K., Canada, Australia, and China, just to name a few. In addition she has worked with many foreign residents working for U.S. companies as well as international companies with U.S. subsidiaries. Specialties: Tax consulting, tax preparation and compliance, expatriate taxation, international taxation, small business accounting services, non-profit tax and consulting services, speaker and trainer on tax topics and new tax laws, tax planning for high wealth individuals, estate planning, internal control reviews, IRS representation, QuickBooks, PeachTree, offshore voluntary disclosure program representation, FBAR, etc. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Elizabeth B.’s Activity 793 followers We are looking to add a Tax Manager to our firm. Please spread the word. Send resumes to admin@rgo-cpa.com Elizabeth B. shared this See all activity Experience Tax Partner Company Name RGO, CPAs (Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC) Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 6 mos Elizabeth B. Moore, CPA, MTX - Income Tax Specialist Tax Manager Company Name Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, P.C. Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Tax preparation, planning and consulting for individuals, businesses, non-profits and foreign persons and companies living and working in the U.S. and abroad. Senior Tax & Audit Accountant Company Name Hottel & Willis, P.C. Dates Employed Sep 1997 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Senior accountant specializing in tax preparation, planning and consulting for individuals, businesses, non-profits and foreign persons and companies living and working in the U.S. and abroad as well as audits of private companies, governmental entities, and non-profits. Senior Tax & Audit Accountant Company Name Drunagel, Johnson, Rutherford & Wilkins Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Sep 1997 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Tax compliance and planning for individuals and businesses as well as audit, review and compilation services for businesses and non-profits. Accountant Company Name Cotton & Company LLP Dates Employed Sep 1993 – Sep 1994 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Compliance and financial audits of Federal contractors and governmental entities Education Old Dominion University Degree Name MTX Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Shepherd University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club President, Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA), Institute of Management Accountants University of Mississippi Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Air Force ROTC, Sigma Nu Little Sister Volunteer Experience Outreach Committee Company Name Alliance Of Professional Women Cause Economic Empowerment Volunteer Company Name CampExperience Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 84 endorsements for Tax 84 Tax Endorsed by 4 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 79 endorsements for Tax Preparation 79 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 5 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 56 endorsements for Income Tax 56 Income Tax Endorsed by 3 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Gretchen Rosenberg Employing Broker at Kentwood Real Estate - Cherry Creek January 15, 2015, Gretchen was a client of Elizabeth B.’s Elizabeth Moore is a tremendously valuable resource for both personal and business tax issues and advice. She is level headed and thoughtful, and willing to explore options that best suit her clients. I highly recommend Elizabeth and RGO as a tax and accounting firm. Jeannette C Flynn Registered Massage Therapist and Master Elite B.E.S.T. Practitioner at Birchtree Beginnings Inc. April 27, 2012, Jeannette C was a client of Elizabeth B.’s Elizabeth goes beyond doing excellent accounting. She cares deeply for each of her clients. She always goes the extra mile to make sure you understand everything. I have always had superior accountants. Elizabeth is also superior in what she does. The difference is that she is also committed to educating, empowering and understanding her clients. This is a real gift in her field. You deserve the best. Elizabeth is the BEST! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Betsy Wiersma Creator at CampExperience December 17, 2010, Betsy was a client of Elizabeth B.’s Betsy has been a dear friend and client for almost a decade (WOW!) She never ceases to amaze me with her creative talents. She is a marketing whiz who is constantly dreaming up BIG ideas for everyone and every organization she touches. As the Creator of CampExperience, she very well may have culminated the biggest idea yet! If you have not been to Camp, you are truly missing a once in a lifetime experience! John Capelli Owner at Capelli Photography,LLC November 2, 2010, Elizabeth B. was a client of John’s Capelli Floral is the ONLY florist that I use, both personally and here at RGO CPAs. The floral arrangements that they provide are unique, gorgeous, and long lasting. I cannot recommend them enough and do to my friends, colleagues and family as often as possible! Accomplishments Elizabeth B. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Shepherd University 12,250 followers Old Dominion University 95,844 followers Old Dominion University 90,601 followers University of Mississippi 66,702 followers Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC 63 followers University of Mississippi 72,610 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristine has a account Kristine Strom, CPA Controller, DHR International DHR International University of Central Florida Greater Chicago Area 263 263 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Controller Company Name DHR International Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Chicago, Illinois Assistant Controller Finance and Tax Company Name Transco Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I internally manage 100% of the Federal, State, Local and International tax issues. I also provide support to the financial reporting team, manage fixed assets for 14 locations, and work on special projects for senior management. Senior Accountant Company Name Hilton Grand Vacations Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name BKHM, CPA Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Winter Park, Florida Filed individual, partnership, corporate, non-profit, personal property, and payroll tax returns. Filed for 501(c)(3) status for several start-up non-profits. Consulted with small business clients who maintained records in small off the shelf accounting software such as Quickbooks and Peachtree. Education University of Central Florida Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi University of Central Florida Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Public Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Volunteer Experience Associate Board Member/ Volunteer Tax Preparer Company Name Center for Economic Progress Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs 6 mos I became an associate board member in July 2014 and will serve a minimum 2 year term. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 16 endorsements for Financial Reporting 16 Financial Reporting Gerald Shaffer and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Kristen Clifford and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Gerald Shaffer and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Transco Products Inc. 182 followers University of Central Florida 213,602 followers DHR International 23,097 followers University of Central Florida 224,931 followers China Briefing 1,237 members Dezan Shira & Associates 4,012 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michelle M. has a account Michelle M. Lewis, MST Senior Tax Accountant at Appelrouth Farah & Co., P.A AFCO Nova Southeastern University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 220 220 connections Send InMail QUALIFICATIONS Self-motivated and multifaceted financial professional with solid and progressive experience in accounting and taxation. Comprehensive background in preparing individual, partnership, and corporation tax returns. Instrumental in ensuring the integrity of all financial data. Technical proficiency in Microsoft Office. SPECIALTIES * Tax Return Preparation * Annual & Quarterly Payroll Tax Filings * Estate Tax Returns * Team Leadership & Staff Supervision * Gift Tax Returns * Financial Statement Preparation * General Ledger Accounting * Tax Planning & Tax Research * Financial Analysis * Exempt Tax Returns CERTIFICATIONS Certified Public Accountant (Currently Pursuing) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Michelle M.’s Activity 5 tips for handling gossip in the workplace Michelle M. liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name AFCO Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior Tax Accountant/Auditor Company Name Sarbey Kaufman LLC Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Steiner & Gelber PA Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Consultant Company Name Contract Accounting Firm Work Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location New York, NY Senior Tax Accountant Company Name ELLIOT HOROWITZ & COMPANY, LLP Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Performed taxation duties associated with Federal and Multi-State tax returns. Prepared individual, corporation, partnership, and estate tax returns. Completed trust, gift tax, and exempt tax returns using Prosystems tax software. Created projections and estimates using BNA software. Handled end user training associated with QuickBooks.Key Contributions:* Participated in tax planning and tax research initiatives while interpreting findings.* Spearheaded the development of financial statements and managed general ledger accounting duties, which encompassed cash disbursements and receipts, journal entries, trial balance, balance sheet, and P&L. See more positions Education Nova Southeastern University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Yaeger CPA Review Field Of Study Candidate for the CPA Exam Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 City University of New York-Herbert H. Lehman College Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 16 endorsements for Tax 16 Tax Endorsed by Steven J. Elliott, CPA, MST and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 14 endorsements for Tax Preparation 14 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Steven J. Elliott, CPA, MST and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 12 endorsements for Corporate Tax 12 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Steven J. Elliott, CPA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Brody & Associates 100 followers DMCL Chartered Professional Accountants 8,517 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,655 followers U.S. Income Taxes 21,086 members City University of New York-Herbert H. Lehman College 30,306 followers Nova Southeastern University 101,881 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Malone, CPA Senior Tax Accountant Ahuja & Clark, PLLC Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas Dallas, Texas 292 292 connections Send InMail Accounting & Finance Experience: Track record of performance and contribution in fast-paced environments. Relevant experience includes financial reports, corporate, partnership and individual tax preparation (1120, 1065, 1040), bank reconciliations, general ledger, sales & use tax return preparation, account analysis, and operating policies and procedures. Team Leadership: Supervision of small office staffs, augmented by over twenty years of military leadership in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve. CORE ACCOUNTING COMPETENCIES • General Ledger • Sales & Use Tax • QuickBooks expertise • Journal Entries • Corporate/Partnership Taxation • CCH ProSystems Tax Software • A/P & A/R • Individual Taxation • Great Plains Accounting Software • Financial Statements • Tax Research • CCH IntelliConnect Tax Research • Bank Reconciliations • Federal & State Taxation • Payroll See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Ahuja & Clark, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Plano, Texas Tax Accountant Company Name Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Dallas Prepared sales and corporate tax returns under multiple state tax authorities. Identified and calculated book-to-tax differences and computed taxable income. Prepared various operational, and accounting adjustments. Answered all garnishments and levies received from various agencies. Handled customer calls. Filed sales and use tax returns. Conducted corporate tax return research. Prepared consolidation package in preparation of group consolidation accounts. Maintained verbal and written contact with the IRS regarding the receiverships’ tax returns.Key Achievements: -Reduced outstanding tax refunds on assigned receiverships from $9.5M to less than $5K -Eliminated all backup withholding tax compliance issues. -Managed crucial tasks as part of the ProForma Team at bank closings, to include audit of specific general ledger accounts such as retained earnings, allowance for loan loss and any tax related account. Tax Accountant Company Name Quantum/G&A Joint Venture (contractor to the FDIC) Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Dallas, Texas Oversaw all issues dealing with IRS Form 945 backup withholding for banks that had been placed into receivership with the FDIC.• Slashed backlog of federal and state backup withholding notices.• Efficiently and accurately prepared work papers and tax returns for failed banks that had been placed into receivership with the FDIC. Tax Accountant Company Name TravisWolff Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Dallas Accountant and tax return preparer for various corporations and partnerships. Calculated and made journal entries, prepared financial statements, income statements, and balance sheets. Prepared sales and corporate tax returns under multiple state tax authorities. Compiled data for yearly tax returns and financial statements. Ensured clients were served in a highly professional and courteous manner. Filed sales and use tax returns. Conducted corporate, partnership, and individual tax return research. Tax Accountant Company Name RSM McGladrey Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Dallas Prepared tax returns, financial statements, depreciation and amortization schedules, and quarterly sales tax reports. Prepared sales and corporate tax returns under multiple state tax authorities. Identified and calculated book-to-tax differences and computed taxable income. Involved in various aspects of working in CPA firm including bookkeeping, compliance with GAAP policies and procedures, financial statement presentation, tax return preparation, and research. See more positions Education Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Business Administration Grade 3.923 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting & Information Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2007 Mclennan Community College Degree Name A.A.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1981 Volunteer Experience Volunteer - Salvation Army Angel Tree Program Company Name Salvation Army Dates volunteered Nov 2007 – Dec 2009 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 2 mos Helped sort the donated toys that had arrived at the warehouse. Volunteer Company Name Salvation Army Dates volunteered 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs Cause Social Services Help serve meals during the Thanksgiving dinner provided by the Salvation Army. Volunteer Company Name Allen Special Olympics Dates volunteered 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs Cause Children Assist with the Track & Field and Bocce training. Assist with the annual fund raising gala. Featured Skills & Endorsements Public and Private Accounting Public and Private Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks ProAdvisor QuickBooks ProAdvisor No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation - Corporate, Partnership, Individual, Sales, Franchise Tax Preparation - Corporate, Partnership, Individual, Sales, Franchise No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Splash Media 4,155 followers The Professional Forum - DFW 587 members My People Person 1,428 followers Authentix 1,787 followers Zale Jewelers 15,710 followers CPA Trendlines 51,717 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael S has a account Michael S Stachowski, CPA, LLC, ABV, CVA, CFF Tax Accountant, IRS Representation and Business Valuations (816) 436-4006 University of Missouri-Kansas City Kansas City, Missouri 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Michael S. Stachowski, C.P.A., L.L.C., A.B.V., C.V.A., C.F.F., C.B.M., C.G.M.A., C.M.&A.A., & M.S.T. Phone: (816) 436-4006 Email: skicpa@paskc.com Audits, management advisory, corporate financial accounting, income tax planning, IRS and other representation, tax research, tax compliance and business valuation. He has considerable experience consulting with business owners on all aspects of business and financial planning from the small private companies to the multi million dollar corporations. His experience also includes financial and tax accounting for mergers and acquisitions, foreign subsidiaries, foreign sales corporations, business valuations, an expert witness in court, accounting software set-up and installation. We provide business valuations for a variety of purposes including estate and gift tax, mergers and acquisitions, marital dissolutions, partnership dissolutions, shareholder disputes, dissention actions, stock-related employee benefits, purchase price allocations (ASC 805-Business Combination), goodwill impairments (ASC 350-Intangibles/Goodwill), fairness and solvency options, transaction pricing studies, bankruptcy/reorganizations, S-Corp conversions, buy/sell agreements, built in gain and tax related valuations. He is a trusted business adviser, works with companies to calculate economic damages, fraud prevention, detection and deterrence, and financial statement misrepresentation. He holds a bachelor’s in accounting and business (with high honors), a master’s in accounting and taxation (with high honors) from the University of Missouri, and also holds a certificate in financial planning from the University of Missouri. He is a Certified Public Accountant, Accredited in Business Valuations, Certified Valuation Analysis, Certified Financial Forensics, Certified Business Manager, Chartered Global Management Accountant, Certified Merger & Acquisition Advisor. He can be reached at (816) 436-4006 or skicpa@paskc.com. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Education University of Missouri-Kansas City Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business Activities and Societies: . University of Missouri-Kansas City Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Taxation University of Missouri-Kansas City Degree Name Certificate in Financial Planning Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Justin L. Lurie and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Carl Allan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 7 endorsements for Tax Returns 7 Tax Returns Carl Allan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael S has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Accredited in Business Valuations Certified Business Manager Certified Financial Forensics Certified Merger & Acquisition Advisor Certified Public Accountant Certified Valuation Analysis Chartered Global Management Accountant Michael S has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Alliance of Merger & Acquisition Advisors American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Missouri Society of Certified Public Accountants National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Interests University of Missouri-Kansas City 60,513 followers University of Missouri-Kansas City 58,097 followers
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Wells, CPA Senior Tax Analyst at Verizon Communications Verizon Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 15 years experience as a tax accountant in the Atlanta Area. Specialties:- Federal Income Tax Compliance - State Income Tax Compliance - State Apportionment - Corporate Income Tax - Fixed Assets - FAS 109 - State Audits - Account Reconciliations - Provision to Return Adjustments - 14 years experience with Microsoft Excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Verizon Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Tax Consultant Company Name Peter E. M. Wells, CPA Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Georgia-Pacific LLC Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Prepared and reviewed state income tax returns.Prepared and reviewed state income tax estimates and extensions.Collected state apportionment data for all divisions within Georgia-Pacific.Worked on state income tax audits and corresponded with state auditors.Corresponded with states on notices and other issues. Supervised interns. Worked on special projects involving Georgia-Pacific’s reorganization.Reconciled state tax payments with state income tax liabilities.Set up ACH credit payment templates for several companies.Filed annual reports for some states, provided financial data to the legal department for other annual reports. Tax Manager Company Name BellSouth Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Prepared federal corporate tax returns.Prepared and reviewed state income tax returns, extensions and estimates.Prepared and reviewed monthly tax accruals as part of determining taxable income for estimated payments and extension payments. Assisted with the FAS 109 process.Reconciled tax liability and tax expense accounts on a monthly basis. Attended the month-end close meetings of various BellSouth companies. Supervised one person.Received two promotions. Advanced Tax Staff Company Name Williams Benator & Libby, LLP Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Prepared individual, fiduciary, corporate, partnership, and s-corporate tax returns.Prepared federal and state tax returns.Received one promotion.Worked on taxable income projections. See more positions Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name MSA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1998 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name BA Field Of Study Geography Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 38 endorsements for Corporate Tax 38 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Shaun Brown and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Peter’s colleagues at Verizon Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by Marcelo T Wielganczuk, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Peter’s colleagues at Verizon Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by Zenobia LaCabe and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Peter’s colleagues at Verizon Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Gregory Kirby Director of Tax at Dura-Line April 21, 2012, Gregory was senior to Peter but didn’t manage directly Peter was the go-to guy in compliance. He was a workhorse. He made his deadlines and picked up extra work when finished. Larry Blenk Senior Tax Manager - State Income Tax at AT&T Mobility July 30, 2009, Larry worked with Peter in different groups Peter Wells was one of the top Compliance performers at BellSouth during his time there. Peter would be assigned the most difficult returns and the most volume because of his work ethic and the quality of his work product. I believe he would be a valuable resource in any tax department. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Rohan Crawford - MBA, CSM, SA, CSPO, ICP, CAPM Scrum Master January 26, 2010, Rohan worked with Peter in the same group Rohan and I met when we both were in career transition in 2009. He has been an invaluable mentor and leader of a networking group we attend as part of our efforts to secure new employment.I would highly recommend Rohan to anyone looking for someone who is a leader and a self-starter. Dawn Dunkin, CPA Senior Tax Manager at Allscripts June 24, 2009, Peter reported directly to Dawn I worked with Dawn for four years, and worked directly under Dawn for about 9 months. Dawn was one of the best, if not the best, people I have ever reported to. She was very knowledgeable and I always knew where I stood with her. She was always pleasant and very respectful of everyone she came into contact with - I have never heard anyone have a bad thing to say about Dawn. Accomplishments Interests Suze OrmanSuze Orman is a LinkedIn Influencer Television host, author, motivational speaker, producer 442,696 followers Jefferies Asset Management 777 followers Atlanta Capital Management Co., LLC 679 followers Everest Capital 369 followers Berman Capital Advisors, LLC 518 followers CNBC 1,121,039 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raymond has a account Raymond Brown, CPA Principal at Boyer & Ritter LLC Boyer & Ritter LLC Indiana University of Pennsylvania Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Area 374 374 connections Send InMail Raymond is a principal in the accounting firm Boyer & Ritter LLC. He provides tax and accounting services to small and medium sized companies. Areas of expertise include: *Business entity selection *Software selection and training *Tax planning and preparation *Financial statement preparation *Auditing Services *Bookeeping services Specialties: Financial statement preparation, tax preparation for businesses and individuals, auditing services for businesses, non-profit organizations, local governments and school districts. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Boyer & Ritter LLC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location 211 House Avenue, Camp Hill, PA 17011 Work with small businesses to help them achieve financial success with proper entity setup, accounting software selection and training, tax planning and preparation, and financial analysis. Partner, CPA Company Name Waggoner Frutiger & Daub LLP Dates Employed 2003 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 13 yrs Location 5006 E Trindle Road, Suite 200, Mechanicsburg, PA 17050 Work with small businesses to help them achieve financial success with proper entity setup, accounting software selection and training, tax planning and preparation, and financial analysis. Manager, CPA Company Name Waggoner Frutiger and Daub, LLP Dates Employed 1988 – 2003 Employment Duration 15 yrs Location 5006 E Trindle Road, Suite 200, Mechanicsburg, PA 17050 Tax preparation and planning, auditing services and financial statement preparation. Staff Accountant Company Name Joseph Sadler, CPA Dates Employed 1985 – 1988 Employment Duration 3 yrs Tax preparation, financial statement preparation and auditing services. Education Indiana University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Girard High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Volunteer Experience Treasurer and Founding Board Member Company Name The Susan Giblin Foundation for Animal Wellness and Welfare Inc. Dates volunteered 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs Cause Animal Welfare The Foundation was formed in 2010 to honor the memory and continue the work of Susan Giblin, a Certified Veterinary Technician and noted animal advocate, who passes away from leukemia at the age of 46. The Foundation's mission is to raise and dispense funds to animal caregiving organizations, to foster awareness and education of complementary therapies, and to support the continued education of those in the animal medical field. Past President and Treasurer Company Name LeTip of West Shore Dates volunteered 1994 – Present Volunteer duration 23 yrs Cause Economic Empowerment A business networking organization dedicated to increasing awareness and business opportunities for small businesses in our community. Past President and Board Member Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Capital Region Dates volunteered 1994 – 2006 Volunteer duration 12 yrs Cause Children Across the country and locally Big Brothers Big Sisters is the gold standard for mentoring. Our program is both different and successful because Big Brothers Big Sisters provides a Match Support Specialist for each and every match in our program. Our matches are effective because professional staff ensure that the match relationships are safe, rewarding and reach their fullest potential. We know that children matched in relationships that last more than 6 months have the most positive outcomes. Our match length average is two years, well above the national average. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 48 endorsements for Tax Preparation 48 Tax Preparation John Brown and 47 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 42 endorsements for Auditing 42 Auditing Endorsed by David Shatto, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 40 endorsements for Financial Statements 40 Financial Statements John Brown and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raymond has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Interests Indiana University of Pennsylvania 67,606 followers Indiana University of Pennsylvania 69,392 followers LeTip of West Shore / Pennsylvania 40 members Boyer & Ritter LLC 588 followers
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Lane Member at Joseph, Williams, Lane & Associates, LLC Joseph, Williams, Lane & Associates, LLC Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Greater Seattle Area 194 194 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Member Company Name Joseph, Williams, Lane & Associates, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Provide tax and business advisory services for individuals, partnerships/LLC’s, closely held businesses, trusts & estates. Tax Manager Company Name Peterson Sullivan PLLC Dates Employed Nov 2007 – May 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Focus on High Net Worth Individuals and Closely Held Businesses Tax Manager Company Name Robert A Underhill P.C. Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Focus on High Net Worth Individuals and Closely Held Businesses Tax Manager Company Name KPMG Dates Employed May 2002 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Tax Senior Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Dec 1995 – May 2002 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Focus on Large Corporations and Real Estate Partnerships Education Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name BA Field Of Study Business with emphasis in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 Washington State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Desiree Loughlin and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Trusts See 5 endorsements for Trusts 5 Trusts Desiree Loughlin and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills High Net Worth Individuals See 3 endorsements for High Net Worth Individuals 3 High Net Worth Individuals Desiree Loughlin and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Washington State University 133,552 followers Cougar Pride 829 members Joseph, Williams, Lane & Associates, LLC 12 followers Washington State University 140,418 followers
More Actions Tax has a account Tax Accountant Owner, YY Consulting Tax Services YY Consulting Tax Services Vancouver, Canada Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name YY Consulting Tax Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Dali has a account Dali Kranzthor, CPA, CVA, CFE Chief Financial Officer at National Waste Management Holdings, Inc. (NWMH) National Waste Management Holdings, Inc. (NWMH) Florida State University Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area 481 481 connections Send InMail I am very interested in business as an art, from the simplest in form to the complex. This interest is the foundation for my love of accounting and problem solving. Due to enhanced tools available to business professionals, accounting has become much less "10-Key" orientated, leaving us accountants time to thoroughly analyze transactions, trends, processes and decisions, adding endless value to our clients and companies. I worked for 2 and a half years as an auditor traveling the United States with an excellent team, primarily focused on Public Company audits and reviews. That experience allowed me to work closely with CFO's and Controllers from various industries, including, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Restaurant Franchising, Engineering, Software Development, Fiber Optics, Development Stage Tech Companies as well as 401K plans and Common Interest Realty Associations. From there I jumped at the opportunity to work under the very talented Bill Lougheed of the LSC Group. Over a year of intensity and dedication, I learned to refine my skills, think outside the box and solve complex accounting transactions. His leadership has had in incredible influence over how I identify a problem, set out to solve it and the fashion in which I organize my support and conclusions. Specialties: My specialties include auditing public and private companies, assisting companies with the audit and review process, preparing financial statements, writing footnotes, researching, inter-personal skill and providing energy and vision with whomever I'm working with. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name National Waste Management Holdings, Inc. (NWMH) Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Vertically integrated accretive model Waste Management public company; Ticker NWMHhttp://www.nationalwastemgmt.com/National Waste Management Holdings Inc., is a growing solid waste management company located in central Florida. We provide compliant, comprehensive solutions for full waste diversion while managing long-term partnerships with municipal, institutional, commercial and industrial customers.With over 40 years of relevant industry experience, we are waste management specialists in C&D landfill services, transfer station services, as well as roll-off dumpster services to several surrounding counties on Florida’s west coast.National Waste is committed to being environmentally conscience with a focus on sustainability. We are proactive in seeking new ways to cut emissions, recycle more effectively, and reduce the amount of waste committed to landfills.National Waste is positioning itself as a leading full-service, one-stop provider of C&D waste operations for both the private and public sectors servicing Florida’s west coast. Our Environmental Policies include a high level of compliance and a strong working relationship with the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP). Owner Company Name Kranzthor Consulting, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Tampa, FL Business Consulting, valuations and forensics. No tax, no audit. Director of Audit Company Name LS &Company Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location 11201 Corporate Circle North Suite 120 St. Petersburg, Florida 33716 Full service CPA firm offering high quality Tax, Assurance and Consulting Services. We help clients with traditional tax, audit and compliance services, as well as boutique services including negotiating contracts on behalf of clients, including leases, bank loans, capital funding and others, property management services, specialized data flow systems, building solutions that streamline processes, including spreadsheets that can interact directly with the accounting systems to significantly reduce time and error rates as well as solving any other accounting or finance issues within both large and smaller organizations. Our clients include some of the top business leaders in the Region. Shareholder Company Name Spectra Financial Services Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Taking Companies Public is our sweet spot; helping small businesses with their day to day accounting, tax and operational issues is our passion. We are an accounting firm full of entrepreneurs built for entrepreneurs. Interim CFO Company Name netTALK Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Miami, Florida Prepare 10K's, 10Q's, Restructure Financial Statements, Assist in Clearing Derivatives From Balance Sheet and Related Volatility in P&L,Preparation of Projections, Long Term Financial Analysis, Assistance in Raising Several Million in Financing, Assistance with all Executive Decisions Working Directly with the CEO, COO, Director of Sales, Director of Marketing, CTO and Director of Engineering. Assisted in Pricing Models and Financial Long Term Affects of Multiple Scenarios. A Very Exciting Time of My Career Working with a Great Executive Team. See more positions Education Florida State University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Florida State University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Accounting Florida State University - College of Business Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 59 endorsements for Accounting 59 Accounting Endorsed by Charlie Meeks and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Dali’s colleagues at netTALK Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 59 endorsements for Auditing 59 Auditing Endorsed by Charlie Meeks, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Dali’s colleagues at netTALK Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 49 endorsements for CPA 49 CPA Endorsed by Charlie Meeks and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Dali’s colleagues at netTALK Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (5) Shawn Rupp Multi-Family Advisor August 29, 2012, Shawn was a client of Dali’s Dali was able to build complex financial models that provided huge cost savings for my clients. He thinks outside the box and can solve even the most challenging issues. I highly recommend his work ethic, professionalism, and ability to get the job done on time. Cristino L Perez Senior Consultant August 4, 2011, Cristino L was a client of Dali’s As a CFO of a small public company, I worked closely with Dali on on a routine basis to audit the company and file its annual and recurring reports with SEC. I found Dali delightful to work with, extremely knowledgeable, and easy to work with. Dali has the ability to get to the root of the problems, and the ability to grasp and solve complex accounting transactions. I am sure that in his new endeavor with Spectra Financial Services, Dali will rise to the top quickly. I would highly recommend Dali. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Lou Polur Advisor on Insurance May 26, 2016, Lou worked with Dali in the same group I've known Lou for years. I met him at Toastmasters and he was one of the Grand Masters. He invited me to a CPE course on Captive Insurance that helped me to understand this viable option for companies to save big money on their taxes. I recommend his courses and find them valuable. Thanks Lou. Dali Shawn Rupp Multi-Family Advisor November 27, 2012, Shawn worked with Dali in the same group Shawn is the best Commercial Real Estate adviser that I have worked with. He is enthusiastic, hard-working and has the ability to get to the root of the major issues affecting all parties in a transaction. I have read his book on negotiating a commercial lease twice and keep it close at hand when dealing with the property management side of our business. Shawn is a great contact and an entrepreneur that is sure to go far. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Dali has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications LS and Company News Room http://temcpa.wordpress.com/ Dali has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Dali has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Institute of Certified Professional Accountants (AICPA) Interests Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members Top 1% CPA Practice Owners 709 members National Waste Management Holdings, Inc. 349 followers Training From Contracting Officers 722 members Florida State University - College of Business 39,857 followers Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Gaida Sr. Tax Accountant at The Mosaic Company The Mosaic Company University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Duluth, Minnesota Area 95 95 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name The Mosaic Company Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Location Plymouth, MN Tax Contractor Company Name CFS Virchow Krause Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location The Mosaic Company Asst. Tax Director Company Name Advanstar Communications, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Tax Supervisor Company Name Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Dates Employed May 1997 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Business Taxation Grade 3.68 Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.89 Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Ben E. and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 3 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 3 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Tracey Keller and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 3 endorsements for Financial Reporting 3 Financial Reporting Ben E. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 42,545 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,163 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,680 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 61,555 followers
More Actions Raj has a account Raj Prabhu, CPA, EA, MS-Tax Founder/Principal, RLP Tax & Accounting, P.L.L.C. RLP Tax & Accounting, PLLC Golden Gate University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: I specialize in Individual and small business taxes and accounting. I provide business advisory services for all aspects of small businesses. PRACTICE EMPHASIS AND EXPERIENCE: Individual Tax - preparation, planning and compliance. Business Tax - preparation, planning and compliance. International Tax Compliance (U.S. Outbound/Inbound transactions). U.S. Taxation of non resident aliens - including individuals and foreign business entities. IRS Audit Representation/Resolution - regardless of who prepared the tax return(s), I can represent the taxpayers with IRS for audit. Consulting for Accounting, Bookkeeping and Quickbooks. Consulting on Start-ups - Formation/Entity Selection. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA, EA,MS-Tax Company Name RLP Tax & Accounting, PLLC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Bellevue, WA I started my career with PWC (abroad) in audit division and has since then worked for both mid size and small Accounting firms. I started working in U S taxation since 2003 and has gained considerable experience since then. Area of expertise and experience is both individual and small business taxes. I also provide help my clients with international taxation (US inbound/outbound).Apart from tax planning, compliance and preparation, I also represent taxpayers for audit/unresolved tax issues till Appeals division of IRS.I look to establish a trusting and committed rapport on professional level with my clients. Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Grade 4.00 Certified Public Accountant Degree Name AICPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Media (1) This position has 1 media AICPA - Welcome to the AICPA AICPA - Welcome to the AICPA This media is a link Enrolled Agent Degree Name Enrolled Agent for practice before the Internal Revenue Service Field Of Study Department of Treasury Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2004 Media (1) This position has 1 media Enrolled Agent Information Enrolled Agent Information This media is a link See more education Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks QuickBooks Click and drag to reorder skills CPA CPA Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raj has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA (Certified Public Accountant) E A - Enrolled Agent for practice before the I.R.S. MST - Masters in Taxation Raj has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Masters In Taxation Interests Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,549,990 followers International tax planning professionals 29,189 members The Official NAEA Group 5,360 members Start Ups and Staying Legal [A place for discussion] 44 members United States Tax Court 4,038 members Golden Gate University 42,406 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tarek has a account Tarek Osman CPA Freelancer - Self Employed CPA Virginia Board of Accountancy Egypt 346 346 connections Send InMail Finance Executive with 27+ years in National and Multinational Corporations resulting financial stability and growth for my organizations. Strategic Financial Executive experience implementing efficient business practices that generate growth to achieve organizational mission. Designed and implemented policies and procedures that provided internal controls and process improvement. Optimized utilization of financial resources. Maintained comprehensive regulatory compliance. Structured and negotiated transactions and favorable terms with vendors and banks. Established accurate and timely reporting to organization executives and stakeholders. Maintained control over Treasury and Tax functions. Demonstrated solid leadership, communication and interpersonal skills in building and maintaining a successful financial teams. Attained a Certified Public Accountant(CPA) in May 1993. Core Competencies Growth & Expansion Strategies Corporate & Investment Finance Budgeting Corporate Level Reporting Contract Negotiations Systems & Technology Utilization Process Design & Productivity Improvement Team Building & Performance Improvement Technically proficient in spreadsheets, ERP/Accounting software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Business Consultant Company Name Freelancer - Self Employed Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cairo Providing financial consultancy to private business. Consultancy includes; restructuring, feasibility studies, budgets and due diligence CFO Company Name Cairo Scan Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Mohandeseen, Giza Utilized financial analysis and team approach to drive organizational progress. distinctive interpersonal skills, capable of resolving multiple financial related business issues and motivating staff to peak performance. Achievements included:- Developed the feasibility study to open 5 new branches. Study was successfully reviewed and approved by EBRD, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. - Successfully, completed a clean financial, tax and legal due diligence for a potential investor- Led a 50 M EGP acquisition of Cairo Diagnostic Imaging Centers.- Directed the company strategy team to initiate the Medical Laboratory Services. Expected to increase profitability by 40% within 4 years.- Planned the opening of 5 five new branches in 2 years. Expected to payback after 3 years. Contributing 40% growth in profitability.- Successfully negotiated contracts with suppliers and got 3 years financing. Providing healthier cash position of the company.- Planned software interfacing between the company’s operational and the ERP systems. - Led the management team in the annual budget development process.- Directed management business focus on profitable activities and market segments.- Managed the financial treatments of the construction contracts entered into.- Designed policies where procedures and responsibilities are clearly defined and assigned- Applied the financial performance measures of the business and developed the senior management compensation program. Assistant General Manager Company Name Savola Egypt Dates Employed Aug 1995 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Assistant General Manager/FinanceIn full charge of Finance and IMS functions. Accomplishments included: - Managed the legal and financial preparation of the company for the IPO- Led the financial, tax and legal due diligence for the 200M EGP merger between Savola and Sime Darby. - Developed the detailed group budget after the merger. Assistant General Manager – Human ResourcesManaged a team of 60 employees across multiple locations and supporting the functions of 800+ employees. Main responsibilities were:- Establish the Human Resources policies and procedures.- Apply job description and job sizing for each function in the company.- Prepare the salary structure for the company.- Design the performance appraising system. Assistant General Manager - Internal AuditReporting to the Audit Committee of the Board. Main duties involved risk management, internal controls, financial and information system controls, and legal and regulatory compliance. Accomplishments included:- Developing the company’s Credit and Sales Policy to manage 95 million EGP in receivables.- Working closely with the Credit Committee to manage receivables. The balance was reduced by 28% improving liquidity by 30 million EGP and saving 4 million in interest.- Leading the implementation of the Balanced Scorecard System which became fully functional by 2003. CFO Company Name Golden State Foods Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Aug 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Joined the company at the start up phase and got involved in all administrative, legal and staff recruitment issues to accommodate the operation in Egypt. Reporting to the Managing Director. Main responsibilities were:- Incharge of the daily finance activities.- Reporting the monthly results and activities to corporate.- Supervising the foreign foreign and local purchasing process.- Maintaining the relations with stores managers.- Managing the IT function and in charge of the ACCPAC b backoffice system. Sr. Auditor Company Name Price Waterhouse Dates Employed 1991 – 1994 Employment Duration 3 yrs Joined as a junior auditor until acquired my CPA certification in May 1993. Main responsibilities were: - Supervision of audit team's performance.- Designing the audit programs.- Finalizing the audit files.- Discussing any issues arose during the audit with the client’s management See more positions Education CPA Virginia Board of Accountancy Field Of Study CPA Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1993 Helwan University Cairo Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 21 endorsements for Accounting 21 Accounting Endorsed by Ehab Zahwy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tarek’s colleagues at CAIRO SCAN Radiology and Labs Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 14 endorsements for Budgets 14 Budgets Abdel Hamid Awad Moussa and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 12 endorsements for Finance 12 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Tarek’s colleagues at CAIRO SCAN Radiology and Labs Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tarek has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses - CPA review course, “The American University in Cairo”, Cairo, August 1991 - June 1992. - Implementation of Balanced Scorecard “The Institute of International Research”, Dubai, March 2001. - Job Sizing and Job Description, “Hay Management”, London, October 1998 - Managing Human Resources, “Management Center Europe”, Brussels, August 1997. - Operational Audit Management, “Management Center Europe”, Brussels, October 1999. Tarek has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Tarek has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests IBM 3,481,765 followers Tabarak Holding 21,935 followers Schneider Electric Egypt 1,176 members Henkel 296,486 followers ASPIRE MENA 4,114 followers EL Banna Group 982 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tax has a account Tax Accountant Owner, YY Consulting Tax Services YY Consulting Tax Services Vancouver, Canada Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name YY Consulting Tax Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Gaida Sr. Tax Accountant at The Mosaic Company The Mosaic Company University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Duluth, Minnesota Area 95 95 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name The Mosaic Company Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Location Plymouth, MN Tax Contractor Company Name CFS Virchow Krause Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location The Mosaic Company Asst. Tax Director Company Name Advanstar Communications, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Tax Supervisor Company Name Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Dates Employed May 1997 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Business Taxation Grade 3.68 Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.89 Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Ben E. and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 3 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 3 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Tracey Keller and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 3 endorsements for Financial Reporting 3 Financial Reporting Ben E. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 42,545 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 61,555 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,163 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,680 followers
More Actions Tarek has a account Tarek Osman CPA Freelancer - Self Employed CPA Virginia Board of Accountancy Egypt 346 346 connections Send InMail Finance Executive with 27+ years in National and Multinational Corporations resulting financial stability and growth for my organizations. Strategic Financial Executive experience implementing efficient business practices that generate growth to achieve organizational mission. Designed and implemented policies and procedures that provided internal controls and process improvement. Optimized utilization of financial resources. Maintained comprehensive regulatory compliance. Structured and negotiated transactions and favorable terms with vendors and banks. Established accurate and timely reporting to organization executives and stakeholders. Maintained control over Treasury and Tax functions. Demonstrated solid leadership, communication and interpersonal skills in building and maintaining a successful financial teams. Attained a Certified Public Accountant(CPA) in May 1993. Core Competencies Growth & Expansion Strategies Corporate & Investment Finance Budgeting Corporate Level Reporting Contract Negotiations Systems & Technology Utilization Process Design & Productivity Improvement Team Building & Performance Improvement Technically proficient in spreadsheets, ERP/Accounting software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Business Consultant Company Name Freelancer - Self Employed Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cairo Providing financial consultancy to private business. Consultancy includes; restructuring, feasibility studies, budgets and due diligence CFO Company Name Cairo Scan Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Mohandeseen, Giza Utilized financial analysis and team approach to drive organizational progress. distinctive interpersonal skills, capable of resolving multiple financial related business issues and motivating staff to peak performance. Achievements included:- Developed the feasibility study to open 5 new branches. Study was successfully reviewed and approved by EBRD, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. - Successfully, completed a clean financial, tax and legal due diligence for a potential investor- Led a 50 M EGP acquisition of Cairo Diagnostic Imaging Centers.- Directed the company strategy team to initiate the Medical Laboratory Services. Expected to increase profitability by 40% within 4 years.- Planned the opening of 5 five new branches in 2 years. Expected to payback after 3 years. Contributing 40% growth in profitability.- Successfully negotiated contracts with suppliers and got 3 years financing. Providing healthier cash position of the company.- Planned software interfacing between the company’s operational and the ERP systems. - Led the management team in the annual budget development process.- Directed management business focus on profitable activities and market segments.- Managed the financial treatments of the construction contracts entered into.- Designed policies where procedures and responsibilities are clearly defined and assigned- Applied the financial performance measures of the business and developed the senior management compensation program. Assistant General Manager Company Name Savola Egypt Dates Employed Aug 1995 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Assistant General Manager/FinanceIn full charge of Finance and IMS functions. Accomplishments included: - Managed the legal and financial preparation of the company for the IPO- Led the financial, tax and legal due diligence for the 200M EGP merger between Savola and Sime Darby. - Developed the detailed group budget after the merger. Assistant General Manager – Human ResourcesManaged a team of 60 employees across multiple locations and supporting the functions of 800+ employees. Main responsibilities were:- Establish the Human Resources policies and procedures.- Apply job description and job sizing for each function in the company.- Prepare the salary structure for the company.- Design the performance appraising system. Assistant General Manager - Internal AuditReporting to the Audit Committee of the Board. Main duties involved risk management, internal controls, financial and information system controls, and legal and regulatory compliance. Accomplishments included:- Developing the company’s Credit and Sales Policy to manage 95 million EGP in receivables.- Working closely with the Credit Committee to manage receivables. The balance was reduced by 28% improving liquidity by 30 million EGP and saving 4 million in interest.- Leading the implementation of the Balanced Scorecard System which became fully functional by 2003. CFO Company Name Golden State Foods Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Aug 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Joined the company at the start up phase and got involved in all administrative, legal and staff recruitment issues to accommodate the operation in Egypt. Reporting to the Managing Director. Main responsibilities were:- Incharge of the daily finance activities.- Reporting the monthly results and activities to corporate.- Supervising the foreign foreign and local purchasing process.- Maintaining the relations with stores managers.- Managing the IT function and in charge of the ACCPAC b backoffice system. Sr. Auditor Company Name Price Waterhouse Dates Employed 1991 – 1994 Employment Duration 3 yrs Joined as a junior auditor until acquired my CPA certification in May 1993. Main responsibilities were: - Supervision of audit team's performance.- Designing the audit programs.- Finalizing the audit files.- Discussing any issues arose during the audit with the client’s management See more positions Education CPA Virginia Board of Accountancy Field Of Study CPA Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1993 Helwan University Cairo Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 21 endorsements for Accounting 21 Accounting Endorsed by Ehab Zahwy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tarek’s colleagues at CAIRO SCAN Radiology and Labs Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 14 endorsements for Budgets 14 Budgets Abdel Hamid Awad Moussa and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 12 endorsements for Finance 12 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Tarek’s colleagues at CAIRO SCAN Radiology and Labs Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tarek has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses - CPA review course, “The American University in Cairo”, Cairo, August 1991 - June 1992. - Implementation of Balanced Scorecard “The Institute of International Research”, Dubai, March 2001. - Job Sizing and Job Description, “Hay Management”, London, October 1998 - Managing Human Resources, “Management Center Europe”, Brussels, August 1997. - Operational Audit Management, “Management Center Europe”, Brussels, October 1999. Tarek has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Tarek has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Egyptian Job Market 24,398 members LafargeHolcim 233,032 followers Danone 754,470 followers AFIA 10,612 followers Helwan University Cairo 50,904 followers Global Innovation Company (GIC) 6,517 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Jones Adroit Tax Accountant with the skill, drive and experience to solve your tax issues. WordStar, Inc-.ASK Comp. Sys, Inc-Cisco Sys, Inc.-Guidant, Corp.-Hughes Electronics. Co.-PGE University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Portland, Oregon 66 66 connections Send InMail PROFESSIONAL PROFILE I deliver accurate on-time effective corporate income tax solutions. My analytical approach, determined can-do attitude and outside-the-box perspective consistently produce results that satisfy the requirements of each and every stakeholder. Core expertise includes: • Federal and state corporate income tax preparation. • Accounting for income taxes under ASC 740. • Software Systems: OneSource, CORPTax, Vertex, Hyperion, CCH, RIA. BNA. • Tax issue research and recommendation. • Forms 5471 preparation. • Sarbanes-Oxley design and test • Direct, mentor, review and teach tax staff. • Ability to manage multiple projects from inception to delivery while staying within all resource constraints. • Intercompany transaction review. • Process improvement. • Software systems implementation. • Clear and concise communication skills. • Strong PC skills inclruding a solid understanding the Windows 8 OS and related applications. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS Company Name WordStar, Inc-.ASK Comp. Sys, Inc-Cisco Sys, Inc.-Guidant, Corp.-Hughes Electronics. Co.-PGE Dates Employed Jul 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area & Los Angeles • Implemented the FastTax sales tax module with the Vertex rate module - WordStar, Inc. This Reduced compliance hours from 40 to 8 with increased accuracy and clear audit trail.• CORPTax to FastTax federal and state income tax system migration – ASK Computer Systems, Inc. Reduced compliance hours by one FTE through automation of tax adjustments.• InSource federal and state implementation - Guidant, Corp. Reduced compliance hours by two FTE through elimination of manual spreadsheets and data entry.• InSource federal and implementation - Hughes Electronics Company. Change mandated by General Motors. Project testing was completed by replicating all prior year federal returns using InSource and completed without a single exception.• Change in Method of Accounting - MACRS Recovery - Portland General Electric Co. $7.5M temporary benefit in year of change. Permanent savings realized from the decreased NPV of future tax payments. The NPV benefits was an estimated $3.1M - 3.5M over 10 years.• Cost-Sharing with Irish CFC - Wordstar, Inc One of the three member team responsible for drafting the cost sharing agreement with WordStar’s Irish manufacturing subsidiary. Calculated buy in payment under various forcast scenarios. Calculated the quarterly cost sharing entry. Tax benefits were substantial. Tax Accountant - Owner Company Name Michael C. Jones Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Federal and state corporate and individual income tax projects.Corporate data mining and financial analysis.Small business start-up assistance.Configuration and implementation of new client software packages.QuickBooks technical support.Bookkeeping support. Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location 3200 NW Yeon, Portland, OR I began working at Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. (SSI) as a contractor through Creative Financial Staffing (CFS). I was converted to a full time employee on 05/13/2012. Primary projects included preparation of federal and state partnership tax returns for the multi-tier Pick-N-Pull Auto Dismantlers group. This included preparation of combined mixed entity income tax returns for New York, Minnesota and Texas. A significant part of this project entailed rolling the the fixed asset ledgers forward for 70+ divisions, reviewing tax treatment and calculating the 743(b) adjustment on assets with basis adjustments. I also prepared the consolidated state apportionment workpapers for both the Pick-N-Pull Auto Dismantlers group and for the SSI consolidated/combined group. Accounting Assistant Company Name Beyond Words Publishing Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Accounting Assistant Company Name Beyond Words Publishing Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1984 University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Science - Accounting & Finance Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Skills Fixed Assets Fixed Assets Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks QuickBooks Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls Internal Controls Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Forbes 4,679,863 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,185 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,980 followers Network After Work-Los Angeles-Networking Events for Professionals 12,814 members University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business 55,723 followers UK Tax Professionals Forum 1,771 members See all See all following
More Actions Carol has a account Carol Herzog Tax Accountant Tax Expert for Small Business and Individuals at Moneybags Tax Service LLC Moneybags Tax Service LLC Saint Louis Community College Greater St. Louis Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am open minded, optimistic, helpful, and fun to be around. My objectives is to create a financial and personal legacy for our children while helping others. Highlights Follow Follow Carol’s Articles & Activity 1,502 followers How to Promote your business with Little or No Money! Carol Herzog Tax Accountant on LinkedIn See all articles Having the IRS designation as an S-Corp could save you tax dollars. Check out this article. Carol shared this See all activity Experience Tax Expert for Small Business and Individuals Company Name Moneybags Tax Service LLC Dates Employed Jan 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs 6 mos I help my clients obtain the best tax outcome. I learn about their situation and apply my extended knowledge of the tax law. I also educate my clients on how to make their records audit proof. As an Enrolled Agent I can prepare returns in all 50 states, Individuals and Businesses. Media (1) This position has 1 media Small Business Tax Services | Moneybags Tax Service LLC Small Business Tax Services | Moneybags Tax Service LLC This media is a link Owner Company Name Moneybags Tax Service LLC Dates Employed Nov 1986 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs 8 mos Tax Accountant, Enrolled Agent before the IRS, specialize in Individual returns that include self-employed, rental properties, capital gains, itemized deductions etc. Tax Accountant Company Name Member at Eureka Chamber of Commerce Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos I specialize in Form 1040 Tax returns. I enjoy self employed (Sch C), rental income (Sch E) and stock sales (Sch D). I am able to do all 50 states. I provide electronic filing, comfortable in home office and reasonable rates. I make doing taxes educational and fun. Vemma Diamond Leader Company Name Vemma Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos Location USA and 50 other countries Vemma is a company that is doing everything right to help others have abundance in their life. Vemma has transformed my health and income in a very positive way. Recently Vemma entered into the 80 Million dollar weight loss industry with our first of its kind, Vemma Bode.You can have a piece of the American pie too. Contact me to find out more. Tax Expert Company Name Intuit and Turbo Tax Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos I have answered over 2500 tax questions from all over the world, during the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 tax season. See more positions Education Saint Louis Community College Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1982 Achieved my Associate Degree in Applied Science in Accounting Pattonville Senior High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1976 Graduated Volunteer Experience Neighborhood 10 Chair for Girl Scouts Company Name Girl Scouts of the USA Dates volunteered Jan 1995 – May 2000 Volunteer duration 5 yrs 5 mos Head of over 900 girls and 100 adult volunteers. Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 149 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Joy Ann Venverloh and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Carol’s colleagues at Vemma Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 138 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Carol’s colleagues at Vemma Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 94 endorsements for Tax 94 Tax Endorsed by Margaret Meherin, CPA, CGMA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Carol’s colleagues at Vemma Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (10) Linda "Elle" Branam Regional Director March 15, 2014, Linda "Elle" was a client of Carol’s I met Carol several years ago and admired her as an entrepreneur. I later discovered she was an expert in tax preparation, specializing in helping entrepreneurs. When I embarked on my own endeavor, I knew she would be the best person to prepare my taxes. She went above and beyond my expectations, not only finding me a large refund but helping me organize and plan for next year! I gladly recommend her to everyone I know because I am really doing them a favor by introducing them to her! Linda Graves Arnold RN CRS Top Agent in the Chesterfield/Wildwood Coldwell Banker Gundaker Office Residential Real Estate Professional in St Louis November 12, 2013, Linda was a client of Carol’s We trust Carol to properly prepare our taxes each and every year. Additionally, Carol serves as our tax expert throughout the year, always available to answer tax related questions for us as we consider investments and encounter tax related situations. We highly recommend Carol's work. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Ryan Herzog Office Management March 15, 2016, Carol was Ryan’s mentor Ryan always puts the customer first. He has the ability to see thier vision and then make it happen. Ryan is easy to work with and he really cares about others. Margaret Meherin, CPA, CGMA CPA seeking employment in Atlanta/West GA April 17, 2015, Carol reported directly to Margaret Peggy was my direct supervisor with Intuit this year. This year's tax season was quite challenging. Peggy provided great strength to our team; responding quickly to our concerns, helping us to find the correct research, showed up on time everyday and was very approachable. This year she was bounced from agent, to lead, to manager. She did it with grace and a positive attitude. Thank you Peggy. I appreciate you. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Carol has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent before the IRS Carol has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Carol has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Book: Seven Important Questions for a Business Owner Carol has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Book: Moneybags Series 101: Seven Important Tax Questions for a Business Owner Interests The Social Media Hat 161 members Sales Ideas That Work 226 members Vemma 10,658 followers Saint Louis Community College 27,265 followers Saint Louis Community College 28,940 followers Intuit Employees and Alumni 8,980 members
More Actions Mary Paul has a account Mary Paul Tax & Accounting Bookkeeping, Payroll & Tax Preparation Services Mary's Tax & Accounting University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh Little Chute, Wisconsin 36 36 connections Send InMail I offer services in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll and tax preparation. * Bookkeeping Services: Monthly, quarterly and annual options available * Payroll Services: Prepare payroll quarterly and annual payroll reports & W-2's * Tax Preparation: Small business and individual income tax returns * Insurance Services: Medicare Supplement & Advantage insurance plans available I provide bookkeeping, payroll, tax prep, insurance and consulting services to solo and small firms, with a focus on creating order out of chaos, taking the stress out of everyday bookkeeping hassles, ensuring timeliness and accuracy for my clients. Continuing Education: I exceed the number of continuing education credits in order to be better informed to serve my clients. Servicing: Solo and small business firms and other career professionals. I am seeking to expand bookkeeping and payroll services. Experience: I have been preparing taxes professionally since 1983. Please contact me for more information or to set up an appointment - see contact info above. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Proprietor Company Name Mary's Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 10 mos Location Fox Valley, Appleton, Little Chute, WI I offer services in the areas of bookkeeping, payroll and tax preparation. * Bookkeeping Services: Monthly, quarterly and annual options available* Payroll Services: Prepare payroll quarterly and annual payroll reports & W-2's* Tax Preparation: Small business and individual income tax returns* Insurance Services: Medicare Supplement & Advantage insurance plans availableI provide bookkeeping, payroll, tax prep, insurance and consulting services to solo and small firms, with a focus on creating order out of chaos, taking the stress out of everyday bookkeeping hassles, ensuring timeliness and accuracy for my clients.Continuing Education: I exceed the number of continuing education credits in order to be better informed to serve my clients. Experience: I have been preparing taxes professionally since 1983. Servicing: Solo and small business firms and other career professionals.Please contact me for more information or to set up an appointment - see contact info above. Independent Insurance Agent Company Name Mary's Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Fox Valley, Appleton, Little Chute, WI * Independent Insurance Agent* Medical, Dental, Vision & Cancer insurance plans available* Medicare Supplement & Advantage insurance plans also available for qualified Medicare recipientsContinuing Education: I exceed the number of continuing education credits in order to be better informed to serve my clients. Please contact me for more information or to set up an appointment - see contact info above. Tax Preparer Company Name H & R Block Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Appleton, WI Professional tax preparation for H & R Block franchise in Appleton, WI. * Individual Income Tax Returns including Self-employed* Corporate Income Tax Returns* Non-Profit Income Tax Returns Tax Preparer Company Name O'Rourke Tax Service Dates Employed 1999 – 1999 Employment Duration less than a year Location Oshkosh, Wisconsin Area Professional tax preparation for O'Rourke Tax Service in Oshkosh, WI. * Individual Income Tax Returns including Self-employed* Worked on large depreciation schedules, stock sales summaries Tax Preparer Company Name Lakeshore Accounting Dates Employed 1997 – 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Manitowoc, WI Professional tax preparation for Lakeshore Accounting in Manitowoc, WI. * Individual Income Tax Returns including Self-employed* Worked on large depreciation schedules, stock sales summaries Education University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh Degree Name Certificate of Completion Field Of Study Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Northeast Wisconsin Technical College Degree Name Diplomas Field Of Study Accounting, Stenography, Business Office Training Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1984 Graduated top of my class in Accounting and Business Office Training, 2nd in Stenography Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Pete Manderfield and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 4 endorsements for Payroll 4 Payroll james brotz and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 4 endorsements for Small Business 4 Small Business Pete Manderfield and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mary Paul has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Tax Insight Wisconsin Society of Enrolled Agents Interests Northeast Wisconsin Technical College 17,026 followers Electronic Return Originators, IRS e-file. 5,070 members Entrepreneurs Anonymous (Appleton / Fox Cities) 250 members H&R Block 74,996 followers Northeast Wisconsin Technical College 15,834 followers University of Wisconsin Oshkosh 50,430 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mary has a account Mary Miller, CPA Tax Accountant at Leidos Leidos The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Midlothian, Virginia 138 138 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Leidos Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Reston, Virginia Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Markel Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Richmond, Virginia Area • Preparation of consolidated parent return and 30+ single entity pro-forma federal returns, as well as combined, consolidated, and single entity state returns in 47 states• Preparation of quarterly provisions spanning multiple industries such as manufacturing, IT, healthcare, and business/financial services• Preparation and review of foreign forms 5471 and 8858 for over 40 international entities• Premium tax state compliance for 11 US insurance companies in 47 states• Correspondence with state revenue departments to resolve audits and notices• Skilled in Excel, OneSource Income Tax, OneSource Tax Provision, RIA Checkpoint Staff Accountant Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Richmond, VA * Federal, state, and local tax compliance for corporations, pass-through entities, not-for-profits, high net worth individuals, trusts, and estates.* Preparation and review of not-for-profits and private foundations specializing in private schools and college foundations* Preparation and review of trusts including CRUTS, CRATS, and NIMCRUTS* Monthly cash reconciliations for multi-million dollar personal service corporations* Tax research and planning for business clients and individuals* Correspondence with IRS and state revenue departments to address tax notices* Preparation of business license and property tax returns* Input monthly payroll data to prepare monthly, quarterly, and annual filing requirements Intern Company Name Cherry, Bekaert & Holland Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area Executive Assistant & Senior Project Manager Company Name American Micro Steel of Puerto Rico Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Williamsburg, VA *Provided mulitlevel project support for a $250 million startup operation to install a rebar recycling facility in Puerto Rico*Maintained relations and schedules with top management at major equipment and construction companies such as Danieli & C. Officine Meccaniche S.p.A, KRB Machinery, Schueck Steel, and the ACS Group of Spain*Coordinated and collaborated with numerous environmental, legal, and steel consultants including TC Graham Associates, as well as over 10 Puerto Rican government agencies to facilitate the development of a successful start-up*Maintained bookkeeping records, prepared budgets, and collaborated with an independent outside accountant to generate payroll and maintain accounting files*Prepared briefing packages and business plans for government entities, interested investors, and potential vendors and suppliers Education The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 William & Mary Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Business Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Lindsay Hunter, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mary’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 6 endorsements for Financial Accounting 6 Financial Accounting Michael Hoyt and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 6 endorsements for Financial Reporting 6 Financial Reporting Michael Hoyt and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mary has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests S2G-Support Services Group 2,291 followers William & Mary – Raymond A. Mason School of Business 7,358 followers William & Mary 59,498 followers College of William and Mary Alumni Network 17,623 members Virginia Society of Certified Public Accountants 6,142 members William & Mary – Raymond A. Mason School of Business 7,775 followers See all See all following
More Actions J.P. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd J.P. Reck Managing Member Reck & Associates, PLLC Reck & Associates, PLLC Central Washington University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Member Company Name Reck & Associates, PLLC Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Renton Principal Company Name Jones & Associates CPAs LLC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Kent, Washington Senior Manager Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Seattle Senior Tax Manager Company Name LarsonAllen Dates Employed Feb 2001 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs Senior Tax Manager Company Name LeMaster & Daniels PLLC Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo See more positions Education Central Washington University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Richland High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 74 endorsements for Tax 74 Tax Endorsed by Steve Roark, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of J.P.’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 51 endorsements for Tax Preparation 51 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Steve Long, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of J.P.’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 50 endorsements for Accounting 50 Accounting Endorsed by David Cobia and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of J.P.’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Partha (Pat) Banerjee Faculty - Business Studies Department at Hanson International Academy - Cambrian College at Hanson February 19, 2011, Partha (Pat) worked with J.P. in different groups J.P. is an amazing tax accountant with the prowess of an exceptional advisor. He is a compassionate human being and is a committed professional and family man ! I am proud to know J.P. as a professional tax advisor and a very close friend and associate ! Partha (Pat) Banerjee Faculty - Business Studies Department at Hanson International Academy - Cambrian College at Hanson February 19, 2011, J.P. worked with Partha (Pat) in different groups Pat is a detail oriented accountant who truly cares for his clients and people who work with him. He is one of the most compassionate individuals I have ever known and work with. Accomplishments J.P. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Flexource LLC 17 followers CliftonLarsonAllen 13,994 followers Cornerstone Advisors, Inc. (Bellevue, WA) 513 followers Central Washington University 50,667 followers A Flavor Of Honey LLC 158 followers Central Washington University 52,696 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marie A. has a account Marie A. Jakubiak, CPA Owner, Marie A. Jakubiak & Associates, P.C. Marie A. Jakubiak & Associates, P.C. Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Greater Detroit Area 469 469 connections Send InMail My firm specializes in small business and individuals. I enjoy assisting people who don't have an internal accounting staff or who need assistance with their financial reporting and tax issues. I offer assistance with IRS issues, including offers in compromise and installment agreements. I consider myself a financial mentor. I am a certified Quickbooks Pro advisor and have previously taught Peachtree Accounting at a local College. Specialties: IRS issues, Quickbooks Pro Advisor and Peachtree experience, Compilation and Review Engagement financial reporting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Marie A.’s Articles 467 followers IRS calling you? Marie A. Jakubiak, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 28, 2016 See all articles Experience Owner Company Name Marie A. Jakubiak & Associates, P.C. Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 8 mos Certified Quickbooks Pro AdvisorFinancial Statements - compilation and reviewsTax return preparation - individual and business with e-filing technologyIRS resolution of tax notices, installment agreement arrangements and Offers in Compromise CPA Company Name Ronald N. Kief & Associates, P.C. Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo I handled many of the accounts for a local public accounting firm and managed the office staff. Partner Company Name Bublitz, Jakubiak & Associates Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Nov 2001 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos I was a CPA and honored to be named a partner with the firm in 2000. I handled various small business clients and managed the operations of the firm. Education Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1981 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant my senior year and member of Accounting Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 79 endorsements for Tax Preparation 79 Tax Preparation Mary Racette and 78 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 61 endorsements for QuickBooks 61 QuickBooks Kathy Marsh and 60 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 44 endorsements for Tax 44 Tax Kathy Marsh and 43 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Gary Largent G.W.Largent and Associates LLC January 6, 2010, Gary worked with Marie A. but at different companies Marie is one of the hardest working professionals and one of the nicest and knowledegable people I have encountered in my career. She takes and makes the time give attention to detail and stays current with the numerous changes in her field. Marie works very effectively with all types of clients. I am confident she would do the same for you and make a fine recommendation. RENEE NADIV reneenadiv@gmail.com January 13, 2009, RENEE was a client of Marie A.’s MARIE IS THE GREATEST! I WOULD ENCOURAGE ANYONE WITH ANY ACCOUNTING ISSUE TO CONTACT MARIE. MARIE IS A WONDERFUL ACCOUNTANT WHO IS NOT AFRAID TO GET RIGHT INTO YOUR SOFTWARE AND START MAKING SUGGESTIONS. WHEN WE FIRST HIRED MARIE, WE WERE USING AN INDUSTRY SPECIFIC SOFTWARE THAT WAS POORLY PACKAGED. MARIE JUMPED RIGHT INTO IT AND BEGAN UNCOVERING THE LAYERS OF PROBLEMS THAT HAD ARISEN ON MY BALANCE SHEET AS A RESULT OF THE ACCOUNTING SYSTEM I WAS USING. WE HAVE SINCE SWITCHED SOFTWARE AT THE SUGGESTION OF MARIE AND SHE HELPED US EVERY STEP OF THE WAY TO SET IT UP. THE NEW SOFTWARE THAT HAD BEEN SUGGESTED TO US HAS WORKED VERY WELL AND I AM PLEASED WITH THE RESULTS. MY COMPANY NOW HAS A MUCH BETTER HANDLE ON THE BOOKS AND BALANCE SHEET. IF A SITUATION COMES UP THAT WE CANNOT CORRECT ON OUR OWN, MARIE HAS BEEN JUST A PHONE CALL AWAY. SHE IS A GREAT ACCOUNTANT AS WELL AS A GREAT SUPPORT PERSON FOR OUR ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE NEEDS. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Mike Squires SeniorBusiness Account Executive at Comcast May 12, 2008, Marie A. was a client of Mike’s Mike is the answer guy. I needed to find the best way for my office to function and communicate with me while I'm on the road. Mike was able to find me the right technology and make it happen. He understands the customer needs and understood that I didn't have the time or resources to do the extensive research necessary to make the decision. He made me comfortable that the decision I made, based on his experience, would fit my needs. I now have a Blackberry that works for my business and keeps me in touch with my clients wherever I am. David Powers (Mccall) Owner, Lead entertainer - MENTALIST DAVID POWERS February 7, 2008, Marie A. was a client of David’s David did my logo for my business. He took a simple concept and made it what my business needed. David was very creative and gave me several options. The one I chose is on my letterhead, business cards and has been used in several marketing tools. He's got plenty of creativity. Accomplishments Interests Michigan Association of CPAs 5,614 members QuickBooks Pro Advisors and Experts 9,906 members Toastmasters at Walsh College Novi 68 members Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 19,451 followers Park Street Presenters At Walsh College 37 members Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 18,446 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raj has a account Raj Prabhu, CPA, EA, MS-Tax Founder/Principal, RLP Tax & Accounting, P.L.L.C. RLP Tax & Accounting, PLLC Golden Gate University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: I specialize in Individual and small business taxes and accounting. I provide business advisory services for all aspects of small businesses. PRACTICE EMPHASIS AND EXPERIENCE: Individual Tax - preparation, planning and compliance. Business Tax - preparation, planning and compliance. International Tax Compliance (U.S. Outbound/Inbound transactions). U.S. Taxation of non resident aliens - including individuals and foreign business entities. IRS Audit Representation/Resolution - regardless of who prepared the tax return(s), I can represent the taxpayers with IRS for audit. Consulting for Accounting, Bookkeeping and Quickbooks. Consulting on Start-ups - Formation/Entity Selection. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA, EA,MS-Tax Company Name RLP Tax & Accounting, PLLC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Bellevue, WA I started my career with PWC (abroad) in audit division and has since then worked for both mid size and small Accounting firms. I started working in U S taxation since 2003 and has gained considerable experience since then. Area of expertise and experience is both individual and small business taxes. I also provide help my clients with international taxation (US inbound/outbound).Apart from tax planning, compliance and preparation, I also represent taxpayers for audit/unresolved tax issues till Appeals division of IRS.I look to establish a trusting and committed rapport on professional level with my clients. Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Grade 4.00 Certified Public Accountant Degree Name AICPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Media (1) This position has 1 media AICPA - Welcome to the AICPA AICPA - Welcome to the AICPA This media is a link Enrolled Agent Degree Name Enrolled Agent for practice before the Internal Revenue Service Field Of Study Department of Treasury Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2004 Media (1) This position has 1 media Enrolled Agent Information Enrolled Agent Information This media is a link See more education Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks QuickBooks Click and drag to reorder skills CPA CPA Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raj has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA (Certified Public Accountant) E A - Enrolled Agent for practice before the I.R.S. MST - Masters in Taxation Raj has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Masters In Taxation Interests AICPA 60,325 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Issaquah Business To Business (B2B) Professional Alliance 63 members Xero Discussions 23,709 members IRS Nationwide Tax Forums 2,264 members Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,549,997 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Richardson Tax Accountant at Van Elkins & Associates, CPAs Van Elkins & Associates, CPAs Western Governors University Knoxville, Tennessee 130 130 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Anderson County Chamber of Commerce 148 followers Western Governors University 83,984 followers Market Street Partners, PLLC 68 followers Leidos 94,678 followers Pugh CPAs 423 followers WGU Tennessee 733 followers See all See all following
More Actions SHARIF J. has a account SHARIF J. SMALL, AFC® Retirement Tax Accountant President/CEO at S.J.S. Financial Firm Serco Towson University Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sharif J. Small, has been in the financial service industry for over 12 years by starting his career as a Financial Advisor for MassMutual Financial Group. In 2005, he left Mass Mutual to start his own tax and financial planning practice called S.J.S. Financial Firm to focus more on financial planning, literacy and advice. Also, Sharif has over 9 year of bookkeeping, accounting, and payroll experience performing contracting projects for Accountemps (A Robert Half Company) and Accountants International working with small businesses, non-profits organizations and corporations. Sharif educational background includes an A.A. in Business Administration from the Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC), a B.S. in Accounting with a Concentration in Personal Financial Planning from Towson University. Sharif has been published in The Biz-monthly and The Baltimore Business Journal on retirement, taxes, and accounting issues. Also, he is the Baltimore Financial Literacy Examiner publishing financial empowerment article for the online newspaper. In 2011, he partnered with the Mayor’s Office and City of Baltimore to help planned and host the inaugural Baltimore Financial Planning Day event which provided free financial literacy workshops and pro bono counseling sessions for Baltimore community residents with volunteers from the Financial Planning Association of Maryland, Certified Financial Planner Board of Standard, and Association of African American Financial Advisors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow SHARIF J.’s Activity 4,070 followers Veterans Benefits Workshop, Wednesday 5/10, 2017 @ 5pm RSVP @: www.veterans-benefits-workshop-tickets.eventbrite.com SHARIF J. commented Baltimore's Hilton Hotel Continues To Lose Money SHARIF J. liked Meet Torin Ellis this week on RecruitingLive May 9th SHARIF J. liked How To Pick The Right CFP Educational Program For You SHARIF J. liked Check out @NASBA's Tweet: https://lnkd.in/eA3n4vf SHARIF J. liked His one has me smiling. Congratulations to the Francisco's! cc: Laura I. Gómez Veronica Cool Daisy Auger-Dominguez Jorge Eduardo Castillo Joseph Santana SHARIF J. liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 220 endorsements for Finance 99+ Finance Endorsed by Edsel Brown and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of SHARIF J.’s colleagues at Serco - a world of experience Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 171 endorsements for Leadership 99+ Leadership Endorsed by Omar Muhammad and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 130 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Keith Scott - Inspired, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of SHARIF J.’s colleagues at Serco - a world of experience Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jaclyn Small Motivational & Christian Speaker, Mgr of Leadership Development, Executive Coach July 17, 2012, Jaclyn was a client of SHARIF J.’s It is hard to find someone you trust to advise, account and handle the numbers when it comes to your money. Sharif is not only an expert in this area, but he is an honorable man and I highly recommend his financial services. Cori A. Ramos Experienced Event Professional April 20, 2017, Cori A. was a client of SHARIF J.’s Working with Cori has always been a great experience and a pleasure to work with in help cordinating our community events. She always displays a positive attitude, hard worker and very efficient in carring out event planning duties. Jaclyn Small Motivational & Christian Speaker, Mgr of Leadership Development, Executive Coach July 26, 2012, SHARIF J. was a client of Jaclyn’s Jackie is one of the most dynamic motivational and life coach speakers that I have ever heard. She has a great way to empower you to achieve your life goals. Any event and/or organizations would be blessed to have her as a speaker or host. She is awesome! Interests Towson University 97,540 followers Human Resource Executive Association 23,491 members Towson University 10,696 members The DMV Network 45 followers Howard University 76,118 followers National Association of Personal Financial Advisors 1,922 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lino has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Lino Pereira, CPA Tax Accountant at Chugh CPAs, LLP Chugh CPAs, LLP University of Mumbai San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Lino Pereira is a Tax Accountant with Chugh CPAs, LLP in Santa Clara, California with 9+ years of Total Tax & Accounting experience which includes 5 years with a Big 4 firm, where he helped small start-ups to Large Multi-National Corporations with tax preparation and review of Federal and Multi-State returns. He has experience assisting clients in diverse industries such as Pharmaceuticals, Technology, Retail & Private Equity. He also assists High net worth Individual clients with their tax filings, year end planning and International reporting requirements. Credentials: • CPA • MBA - Finance Expertise: • Federal and Multi-State Tax preparation and review for Corporations, Partnerships and Individuals. • International Tax Compliance with regard to Form 5471s, 5472s and Foreign Tax Credits. • FBAR and Form 8938 reporting for Individuals. • Streamlined Tax Filing Compliance Process for Individuals. • Proficient with Tax Softwares like Lacerte, Go-systems, Corptax, FAS, Pro-systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lino’s Articles 2,682 followers Don't forget to Report Certain Foreign Accounts to Treasury by June 30 Deadline. Lino Pereira, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 17, 2016 See 1 more article Proposed Changes to CPA exams in 2017 - Lino Pereira, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 2, 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lino’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lino’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 32 endorsements for Financial Analysis 32 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Saurabh Sinha and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Lino’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Interests BDO UAE 16,037 followers McKinsey & Company 1,399,544 followers Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,996 members TeamTree 874 followers India Tax Insights from EY 4,037 members PwC 1,356,096 followers See all See all following
More Actions VIEN has a account VIEN VO, CPA North America Credit - Financial Analyst at Schlumberger Schlumberger University of Houston-Clear Lake Houston, Texas 218 218 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow VIEN’S Activity 218 followers Ecuador Prepares To Start Repaying Schlumberger Debt | OilPrice.com VIEN liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Statements See 13 endorsements for Financial Statements 13 Financial Statements Endorsed by 4 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Tam Do and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 10 endorsements for QuickBooks 10 QuickBooks Endorsed by 4 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers University of Houston 234,086 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers University of Houston 223,111 followers Jobs- For CPA, CA, CMA and other Global Finance professionals 10,144 members Schlumberger 1,039,322 followers
More Actions SHARIF J. has a account SHARIF J. SMALL, AFC® Retirement Tax Accountant President/CEO at S.J.S. Financial Firm Serco Towson University Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sharif J. Small, has been in the financial service industry for over 12 years by starting his career as a Financial Advisor for MassMutual Financial Group. In 2005, he left Mass Mutual to start his own tax and financial planning practice called S.J.S. Financial Firm to focus more on financial planning, literacy and advice. Also, Sharif has over 9 year of bookkeeping, accounting, and payroll experience performing contracting projects for Accountemps (A Robert Half Company) and Accountants International working with small businesses, non-profits organizations and corporations. Sharif educational background includes an A.A. in Business Administration from the Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC), a B.S. in Accounting with a Concentration in Personal Financial Planning from Towson University. Sharif has been published in The Biz-monthly and The Baltimore Business Journal on retirement, taxes, and accounting issues. Also, he is the Baltimore Financial Literacy Examiner publishing financial empowerment article for the online newspaper. In 2011, he partnered with the Mayor’s Office and City of Baltimore to help planned and host the inaugural Baltimore Financial Planning Day event which provided free financial literacy workshops and pro bono counseling sessions for Baltimore community residents with volunteers from the Financial Planning Association of Maryland, Certified Financial Planner Board of Standard, and Association of African American Financial Advisors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow SHARIF J.’s Activity 4,070 followers Veterans Benefits Workshop, Wednesday 5/10, 2017 @ 5pm RSVP @: www.veterans-benefits-workshop-tickets.eventbrite.com SHARIF J. commented Baltimore's Hilton Hotel Continues To Lose Money SHARIF J. liked Meet Torin Ellis this week on RecruitingLive May 9th SHARIF J. liked How To Pick The Right CFP Educational Program For You SHARIF J. liked Check out @NASBA's Tweet: https://lnkd.in/eA3n4vf SHARIF J. liked His one has me smiling. Congratulations to the Francisco's! cc: Laura I. Gómez Veronica Cool Daisy Auger-Dominguez Jorge Eduardo Castillo Joseph Santana SHARIF J. liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 220 endorsements for Finance 99+ Finance Endorsed by Edsel Brown and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of SHARIF J.’s colleagues at Serco - a world of experience Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 171 endorsements for Leadership 99+ Leadership Endorsed by Omar Muhammad and 17 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 130 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Keith Scott - Inspired, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of SHARIF J.’s colleagues at Serco - a world of experience Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Interests HR Professionals | Powered by HRCI and HRPA 359,827 members Entrepreneur Media 1,656,266 followers S.J.S. Financial Firm 19 followers Tax Professionals 114,663 members U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 24,347 followers AARP 40,329 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Richardson Tax Accountant at Van Elkins & Associates, CPAs Van Elkins & Associates, CPAs Western Governors University Knoxville, Tennessee 130 130 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 10 endorsements for Customer Service 10 Customer Service Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at INVO PEO Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 3 of Stephen’s colleagues at INVO PEO Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Endorsed by Anthony Gainer, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Stephen’s colleagues at INVO PEO Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Will Nelson Branch Manager- Accountemps: will.nelson@roberthalf.com (865) 588-6500 July 20, 2015, Stephen was a client of Will’s Will is fantastic to work with. He is very knowledgeable about the accounting/finance fields. I would recommend anyone looking to change jobs or careers to contact Will first. Interests Murray State University 39,714 followers Marriott International 547,902 followers WGU Tennessee 733 followers Oak Ridge Chamber Of Commerce 45 followers Western Governors University 83,982 followers Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members See all See all following
More Actions VIEN has a account VIEN VO, CPA North America Credit - Financial Analyst at Schlumberger Schlumberger University of Houston-Clear Lake Houston, Texas 218 218 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow VIEN’S Activity 218 followers Ecuador Prepares To Start Repaying Schlumberger Debt | OilPrice.com VIEN liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Statements See 13 endorsements for Financial Statements 13 Financial Statements Endorsed by 4 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Tam Do and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 10 endorsements for QuickBooks 10 QuickBooks Endorsed by 4 of VIEN’S colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Schlumberger 1,039,322 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,880 followers University of Houston 223,111 followers Jobs- For CPA, CA, CMA and other Global Finance professionals 10,144 members University of Houston 234,086 followers
More Actions Lino has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Lino Pereira, CPA Tax Accountant at Chugh CPAs, LLP Chugh CPAs, LLP University of Mumbai San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Lino Pereira is a Tax Accountant with Chugh CPAs, LLP in Santa Clara, California with 9+ years of Total Tax & Accounting experience which includes 5 years with a Big 4 firm, where he helped small start-ups to Large Multi-National Corporations with tax preparation and review of Federal and Multi-State returns. He has experience assisting clients in diverse industries such as Pharmaceuticals, Technology, Retail & Private Equity. He also assists High net worth Individual clients with their tax filings, year end planning and International reporting requirements. Credentials: • CPA • MBA - Finance Expertise: • Federal and Multi-State Tax preparation and review for Corporations, Partnerships and Individuals. • International Tax Compliance with regard to Form 5471s, 5472s and Foreign Tax Credits. • FBAR and Form 8938 reporting for Individuals. • Streamlined Tax Filing Compliance Process for Individuals. • Proficient with Tax Softwares like Lacerte, Go-systems, Corptax, FAS, Pro-systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lino’s Articles 2,682 followers Don't forget to Report Certain Foreign Accounts to Treasury by June 30 Deadline. Lino Pereira, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 17, 2016 See 1 more article Proposed Changes to CPA exams in 2017 - Lino Pereira, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 2, 2015 Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Mancer Consulting Services 24,883 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,328 followers KPMG UK 122,955 followers Citi 1,271,406 followers Accounting Today 428,405 followers James Caan CBEJames Caan CBE is a LinkedIn Influencer Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in People with Passion 2,851,804 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Thomas Sr Tax Accountant at Itron, Inc. Itron Gonzaga University - School of Business Administration Spokane, Washington Area 130 130 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 14 endorsements for Financial Reporting 14 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 6 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Itron, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Joel Vach, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Itron, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Itron, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Itron, Inc. 23,505 followers Community Colleges of Spokane 13,013 followers Community Colleges of Spokane 13,690 followers Gonzaga University - School of Business Administration 3,439 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members Gonzaga University - School of Business Administration 3,467 followers
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Breen Tax Accountant Whataburger University of Phoenix San Antonio, Texas 219 219 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 19 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 19 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Susan Rausch, CCE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at Whataburger Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Receivable See 19 endorsements for Accounts Receivable 19 Accounts Receivable Endorsed by Susan Rausch, CCE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Amy’s colleagues at Whataburger Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Sharon Houghton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at Whataburger Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Susan Rausch, CCE Credit Supervisor July 28, 2015, Susan worked with Amy in the same group I had the opportunity to work for Susan Rausch early in my accounting career at MackayMitchell Envelope Company. During my initial interview, Susan struck me as a self-assured, thoughtful, intelligent woman. Over the following years I developed a growing admiration for her fortitude and exceptional work ethic. It was evident in her everyday behavior that she truly cares about her work and those that work for her. Regardless of how busy her schedule was, her door was always open and she was consistently available to provide guidance or take advantage of a teachable moment. Susan was an advocate for her employees, always giving them credit when passing on their intellectual property to higher-ups. I contribute a considerable portion of my advancement at MMEC to Susan and her constant support. I consider it my great privilege to have spent almost a decade working with and learning from Susan, and an honor to consider her my friend. Interests TTR User Group 141 members University of Phoenix 821,345 followers Whataburger 15,666 followers University of Phoenix 786,300 followers
More Actions Henry has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Henry Martin "Tax Accountant" Tax Partner at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC The University of Memphis Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail With 35 years of public accounting experience, I have been actively involved in providing audit, tax and consulting services to financial institutions and a wide variety of clients in other industries. Primarily specializing in individual, business and estate taxes. I currently work in the firm’s second location in Nashville, TN to extend our services to a growing market. Joined the firm of Stone, Rudolph and Henry, PLC in 1979, became a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in 1982 and have been a partner since 1984. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Henry’s Articles 589 followers Tax Preparer Henry Martin "Tax Accountant" on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 6, 2015 See all articles Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 66 endorsements for Tax 66 Tax Endorsed by 10 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 54 endorsements for Accounting 54 Accounting Endorsed by James Henry Deter Jr., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 41 endorsements for Tax Accounting 41 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 8 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Interests Sigma Chi Network 20,301 members Sigma Chi Fraternity 9,385 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members The University of Memphis 89,718 followers The University of Memphis 91,760 followers Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC 238 followers See all See all following
More Actions Neveen has a account Neveen Farag Project Manager at Zodiac Aerospace Zodiac Aerospace Bay Path University Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Motivated, hands-on Electrical Engineer with experience dealing with customers and suppliers to identify and resolve problems in full life-cycle projects. Solid understanding of design concepts and testing processes. Self-starter who values teamwork and has good communications skills. Strong in Microsoft Project, Access, Excel and Word; Cadkey, ORCAD, Pspice and Concept. U.S. citizen. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Neveen’s Activity 1,008 followers Ivanka Trump should command #Respect from ALL! A strong role model and charitable woman! Shame on anyone who doesn't appreciate her special qualities! Fox News, The Washington Times Neveen liked Project Management Professional (PMP)® was issued by Project Management Institute to Madeleine Kerrigan. Neveen liked Project Management Professional (PMP)® was issued by Project Management Institute to Richard Burrow. Neveen liked I'm so tired of the media bashing Trump. He's the first president in my lifetime that daily holds himself accountable to the people. He tweets his thoughts and what he feels are his accomplishments. For the first time in my whole life I have a President whom I respect and trust. The lemmings of the Left want to pretend to execute him in the name of art and talk about being oppressed when he's restoring the power of the People and fighting to keep us safe. My world view has changed since January 20, and it's never going to be the same. I love my President. #Trump2020 Neveen liked Michael’s photo Neveen liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 48 endorsements for Testing 48 Testing Endorsed by Eric Molder and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Neveen’s colleagues at Zodiac Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills Manufacturing See 40 endorsements for Manufacturing 40 Manufacturing Endorsed by Martin Saklad and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Neveen’s colleagues at Zodiac Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 38 endorsements for Electronics 38 Electronics Endorsed by Yuval Hernik- Bar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Neveen’s colleagues at Zodiac Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Irvine Scientific 8,519 followers Alliance Search Solutions 2,349 followers Meggitt 19,984 followers Benchmark Electronics, Inc. 23,461 followers Astrix Technology Group 18,858 followers Volt Technical Resources 11,570 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jay has a account Jay Fischer Owner, Legacy Financial Advisors Legacy Financial Advisors West Palm Beach, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial Advisor | Legacy Financial Advisors Tax Advisor | Legacy Financial Services As a Financial Advisor, I focus on helping individuals, families, and businesses meet their goals through insurance, investments, and quality financial strategies. I take pride in being able to help my clients navigate changes that affect their financial futures. I do this by looking first at your vision for the future. It says a lot about you. And, like you, your vision is unique. By listing your goals and objectives, and comparing what you have to what you want, I will work with you to define your vision of a secure financial future. My office is located in Palm Beach Gardens, where I also offer tax preparation services through Legacy Financial Services, Inc. To learn more about Legacy Financial Services, visit http://www.legacyfai.com. Practicing tax preparer since 1989. Introduced financial consulting into practice in 1998. Currently hold a Series 6, Series 7, Series 63, FL 2-15, and FL 440 licenses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jay’s Activity 525 followers Study stresses importance of presenting understandable accounting disclosures Jay liked Here's how to make a DIY Amazon Echo Jay liked Something for Everyone at PGA Commons Jay liked Looking for a job? These 5 areas are doing the most hiring Jay shared this Happiness is synthetic—you either create it, or you don’t. Happiness that lasts is earned through your habits not major life events. Jay shared this See all activity Skills Small Business Small Business Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Business Planning Business Planning Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Richard G. has a account Richard G. Aufman, CPA, MST Owner, Richard G Aufman, CPA Richard G Aufman, CPA Robert Morris University Greater Pittsburgh Area 221 221 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Carolyn Adams-Ramsey and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Gene Stull and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 7 endorsements for Tax Preparation 7 Tax Preparation Carolyn Adams-Ramsey and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Penn State University 460,737 followers Community College of Allegheny County 23,066 followers Indiana University of Pennsylvania 67,606 followers Penn State University 445,467 followers Community College of Allegheny County 22,183 followers Robert Morris University 38,684 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Fisher, CPA Tax Senior at Deloitte Deloitte Penn State University Greater Philadelphia Area 349 349 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Eli Dusowitz, CPA, EA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Brandon Munoz - We're Hiring, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 8 endorsements for Time Management 8 Time Management Brandon Munoz - We're Hiring and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Beta Alpha Psi 27,412 members Deloitte 2,201,857 followers Upper Dublin High School Alumni 657 members Beta Alpha Psi - Beta Theta Chapter - Penn State University 229 members Penn State University 460,737 followers Penn State-Smeal College Of Business 13,445 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Malik, CPA SAP BPC | Financial Professional OMNOVA Solutions Kent State University Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements BPC See 1 endorsement for BPC 1 BPC Marcus Stewart has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Budgeting See 3 endorsements for Budgeting 3 Budgeting Endorsed by Marcus Stewart, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Richard’s colleagues at Forest City Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests OMNOVA Solutions 5,190 followers SAPBPC User Group 3,488 members SAP BPC Best Practice Group 5,228 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members Corporate Real Estate 210,762 members Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. 2,027 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicki has a account Nicki Economos Tax Accountant Tucson Self-employed Tucson, Arizona 126 126 connections Send InMail I am a self employed Tax Accountant in Tucson, Arizona. I specialize in helping both personal and business tax accounting. I work on all levels of tax filing, recording, accounting and record keeping for small businesses and corporations as well as individuals. I know that tax liability can be problematic for people and businesses and not having the right tax advice can cost individuals, businesses and corporations thousands of dollars. My main goal is to always stay informed about any new tax laws and tax breaks that will affect my clientele. When I work on a clients taxes, my main goal is to get as much information as possible from my clients to help them find their greatest tax breaks. I have worked extensively with individual returns for the self employed and I am familiar with all the available tax breaks and tax code laws that apply to the self employed. In addition, I also have worked extensively with small businesses and corporations to help them cut their tax liabilities and make the most out of the tax breaks available to them under the current tax system.In addition to specializing in tax breaks and reducing tax liabilities for individuals as well as businesses. I also focus on staying as informed and knowledgeable as possible about any tax incentives that I can offer my clients for their coming year so they may be informed in the best ways to reduce their tax liabilities. My educational background has been extensive and has included full tax law and tax accounting education for personal, business and corporate taxes and includes full knowledge and understanding of accounting services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Elizabeth B. has a account Elizabeth B. Moore, CPA, MTX - Tax Accountant Income Tax Specialist for Individuals, Expatriates, and Businesses at RGO CPAs RGO, CPAs (Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC) Old Dominion University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Elizabeth B. Moore - Income Tax Specialist with RGO, CPAs (Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnnell, LLC) is an experienced, consultant in tax and small business accounting services for both U.S. citizens and foreign residents working in the U.S. and abroad (expatriates in particular.) Elizabeth has been in public accounting since 1993 when she started her career with Cotton and Co. CPAs in Alexandria, Virginia as a governmental and compliance auditor of Federal contractors. When she worked in Alexandria, she was in close proximity to Washington D.C. This may have been the start of her interest in working with both U.S. citizens working abroad as well as foreign persons working in the U.S. The tax complexities involved with planning and consulting for foreign citizens and expatriates has been fascinating to her for many years. She moved to Denver, Colorado from Virginia in 2000 and continued her public accounting career by helping individuals and small businesses with tax and accounting services. She has continued to serve expatriate and international clients here in Denver and hopes someday to be widely recognized as a specialist in that tax arena. She has worked with clients that have lived and worked in Iraq, the U.K., Canada, Australia, and China, just to name a few. In addition she has worked with many foreign residents working for U.S. companies as well as international companies with U.S. subsidiaries. Specialties: Tax consulting, tax preparation and compliance, expatriate taxation, international taxation, small business accounting services, non-profit tax and consulting services, speaker and trainer on tax topics and new tax laws, tax planning for high wealth individuals, estate planning, internal control reviews, IRS representation, QuickBooks, PeachTree, offshore voluntary disclosure program representation, FBAR, etc. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Elizabeth B.’s Activity 793 followers We are looking to add a Tax Manager to our firm. Please spread the word. Send resumes to admin@rgo-cpa.com Elizabeth B. shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 84 endorsements for Tax 84 Tax Endorsed by 4 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 79 endorsements for Tax Preparation 79 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 5 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 56 endorsements for Income Tax 56 Income Tax Endorsed by 3 of Elizabeth B.’s colleagues at Ryan, Gunsauls & O'Donnell, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Interests Shepherd University 12,637 followers Tax Executives/Professionals 5,886 members Shepherd University 12,250 followers Old Dominion University 95,844 followers University of Mississippi 72,610 followers DeLine Box & Display 166 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Henry Martin "Tax Accountant" Tax Partner at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC The University of Memphis Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail With 35 years of public accounting experience, I have been actively involved in providing audit, tax and consulting services to financial institutions and a wide variety of clients in other industries. Primarily specializing in individual, business and estate taxes. I currently work in the firm’s second location in Nashville, TN to extend our services to a growing market. Joined the firm of Stone, Rudolph and Henry, PLC in 1979, became a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in 1982 and have been a partner since 1984. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Henry’s Articles 589 followers Tax Preparer Henry Martin "Tax Accountant" on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 6, 2015 See all articles Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 66 endorsements for Tax 66 Tax Endorsed by 10 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 54 endorsements for Accounting 54 Accounting Endorsed by James Henry Deter Jr., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 41 endorsements for Tax Accounting 41 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 8 of Henry’s colleagues at Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lisa Seeilg Rolin Business Owner at Fox Ridge Pizza August 15, 2013, Henry was a client of Lisa’s Interests University of Memphis, Center for Research in Educational Policy 84,509 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Sigma Chi Fraternity 9,385 followers Sigma Chi Network 20,301 members The University of Memphis 89,718 followers Stone Rudolph & Henry, PLC 238 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicki has a account Nicki Economos Tax Accountant Tucson Self-employed Tucson, Arizona 126 126 connections Send InMail I am a self employed Tax Accountant in Tucson, Arizona. I specialize in helping both personal and business tax accounting. I work on all levels of tax filing, recording, accounting and record keeping for small businesses and corporations as well as individuals. I know that tax liability can be problematic for people and businesses and not having the right tax advice can cost individuals, businesses and corporations thousands of dollars. My main goal is to always stay informed about any new tax laws and tax breaks that will affect my clientele. When I work on a clients taxes, my main goal is to get as much information as possible from my clients to help them find their greatest tax breaks. I have worked extensively with individual returns for the self employed and I am familiar with all the available tax breaks and tax code laws that apply to the self employed. In addition, I also have worked extensively with small businesses and corporations to help them cut their tax liabilities and make the most out of the tax breaks available to them under the current tax system.In addition to specializing in tax breaks and reducing tax liabilities for individuals as well as businesses. I also focus on staying as informed and knowledgeable as possible about any tax incentives that I can offer my clients for their coming year so they may be informed in the best ways to reduce their tax liabilities. My educational background has been extensive and has included full tax law and tax accounting education for personal, business and corporate taxes and includes full knowledge and understanding of accounting services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Wayne has a account Wayne Davies, EA Senior Tax Accountant | Small Business Tax Adviser | Tax Planner | Tax Reduction Expert | Tax Author | Enrolled Agent Supervalu Columbia International University Fort Wayne, Indiana Area 183 183 connections Send InMail Over the past 25 years, I've prepared over 10,000 business and personal tax returns (and lived to tell about it). I especially like working with small business owners and self-employed people, helping you pay the least amount of tax allowed by law, and not a penny more. You can reach me at 260.480.7545 or wayne.davies@supervalu.com. For a free copy of my Special Report, "Top 10 Tax Deductions"​ (for small business owners and self-employed people only), visit www.SelfEmployedTaxDeductionsToday.com I've also written 3 books about taxes -- see Publications below. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Wayne’s Articles 185 followers 7 Tips for Deducting Gifts to Charity Wayne Davies, EA on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 10, 2015 See 8 more articles 3 Easy Ways to Lower Your 2015 Taxes By December 31 (Act Now) Wayne Davies, EA on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 3, 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Richard Lowe, Jr. (LION) and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by R. Scott Shifley EA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 8 endorsements for Payroll 8 Payroll Richard Lowe, Jr. (LION) and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Self Employed Marketing &Global Networking 6,580 members Small Business & Independent Consultant Network 39,512 members Grace College & Seminary 5,853 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Columbia International University 7,250 followers SUPERVALU 30,109 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Fisher, CPA Tax Senior at Deloitte Deloitte Penn State University Greater Philadelphia Area 349 349 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Eli Dusowitz, CPA, EA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Brandon Munoz - We're Hiring, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 8 endorsements for Time Management 8 Time Management Brandon Munoz - We're Hiring and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Beta Alpha Psi - Beta Theta Chapter - Penn State University 229 members Penn State University 460,737 followers Penn State-Smeal College Of Business 13,445 members Upper Dublin High School Alumni 657 members Deloitte 2,201,857 followers Beta Alpha Psi 27,412 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Winters International and Bitcoin Tax Compliance Global Tax Accountants, LLC Seton Hall University Greater New York City Area 445 445 connections Send InMail Daniel Winters, M.S. Taxation, M.B.A., provides International and Bitcoin tax services and is an active member of the N.Y.C. area Bitcoin community. Daniel has excellent tax compliance, research and writing skills, and over 15 years of experience in public accounting firms in the U.S. and abroad. • Authored technical article for tax practitioners about Bitcoin and Taxes. • Completed technical review of an International Taxation course for the American Society of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). • Actively engaged with U.S. and European firms offering accounting software specifically designed for Bitcoin transactions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Daniel’s Articles 446 followers What the IRS Summons Will Mean for Coinbase Users Daniel Winters on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 15, 2016 See 1 more article #Bitcoin & #Taxes - April 15 is coming soon! Daniel Winters on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 22, 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 36 endorsements for Tax 36 Tax Endorsed by Karl Neulinger, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at CohnReznick LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 30 endorsements for Tax Research 30 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at CohnReznick LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 21 endorsements for Tax Preparation 21 Tax Preparation Jason Dispenza and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Judi Paris Broker-Sales Associate at Keller Williams Realty February 6, 2009, Daniel was a client of Judi’s Judi Paris is an outstanding real estate agent who helped my wife and I purchase our first home. Her knowledge of the local real estate market is excellent and her client relationship and negotiating skills are superb. Highly recommended! Interests Montclair State University 87,281 followers Seton Hall University Alumni Network 10,216 members Blockchain Camp - Advisers, Consultants & Enthusiasts 1,610 members Montclair State University - Feliciano School of Business 4,617 members Montclair State alumni 4,774 members Blockchain, Distributed Ledgers and Smart Contracts for Business 6,586 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Malik, CPA SAP BPC | Financial Professional OMNOVA Solutions Kent State University Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements BPC See 1 endorsement for BPC 1 BPC Marcus Stewart has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Budgeting See 3 endorsements for Budgeting 3 Budgeting Endorsed by Marcus Stewart, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Richard’s colleagues at Forest City Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests SAP EPM 2,228 members SAP BPC Best Practice Group 5,228 members Corporate Real Estate 210,762 members OMNOVA Solutions 5,190 followers Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members SAPBPC User Group 3,488 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Sensing Sales Tax Supervisor at Southwestern/Great American Sensing Tax Services Lipscomb University Columbia, Tennessee 69 69 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Kenneth E. and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Kenneth E. and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation Kenneth E. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Lipscomb University 19,205 followers Southwestern Advantage 3,815 followers Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members Lipscomb University 20,100 followers
More Actions Davi has a account Davi Gordon Tax Accountant at DSW DSW Muhlenberg College Columbus, Ohio Area 490 490 connections Send InMail College graduate with strong work, internship, and leadership experience. Strengths include guest services, sales and use tax compliance, organization, customer service, interpersonal communication, planning and administration, and problem solving. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name DSW Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name WP Glimcher Dates Employed Apr 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Tax Accountant Company Name WP GLIMCHER Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Perform all responsibilities related to registering, preparing, filing, and maintaining compliance for sales and use tax returns for over 115 properties in over 25 states, including making payments via check and ACH electronic wires.Compose and upload monthly journal entries (Sales & Rental Tax Reconciliation, Personal Property Accrual, State & Local Tax Reconciliation, Hawaii GET Accrual).Respond to and resolve sales and use tax assessment notices in a timely manner.Gather and analyze data in order to prepare and file personal property tax returns, annual reports, and business licenses.Update and maintain department compliance calendar, issue W-9s, track sales and use tax rate changes, assist with Federal Income Tax Return preparation, and complete other administrative duties. Front Office Supervisor Company Name Hilton Worldwide Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Oversaw Front Office Staff (Front Desk Agents, PBX Operators, Bellmen, Valet Attendants, and Shuttle Drivers) in the absence of the department head.Drove Front Office effectiveness and productivity through training new staff members, monitoring room inventory to ensure maximum occupancy and room rates while preserving good relations with the hotel guests, and handling guest complaints and concerns immediately and confidently.Performed guest check-in and check-out services in a courteous and efficient manner, attended Rooms Division and Staff meetings, examined SALT (Satisfaction and Loyalty Tracking) scores, and responded to email and phone messages. Tax Intern Company Name WP GLIMCHER Dates Employed May 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Assisted Tax Manager with 2013 Tax Returns by reconciling fixed assets, and inputting depreciation, reclasses, K-1 schedules and dividends, and income and balance sheet values.Utilized best practices while implementing a more effective record keeping system for the department. See more positions Education Muhlenberg College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Business Administration, Media and Communication Grade 3.835 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Co-Captain for Varsity Volleyball Team, PR and Advertising Officer for Student Athlete Mentors, Hillel member, Events Coordinator for Omicron Delta Kappa member (National Leadership Honor Society) Graduated Magna Cum Laude with Honors in Communication UNSW Field Of Study Study Abroad for one semester Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Study Abroad Program for one semester Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Friends for Life Animal Haven Featured Skills & Endorsements Oracle E-Business Suite Oracle E-Business Suite No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills OnBase OnBase No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills RIA RIA No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Davi has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Business Ethics Business Policy and Strategy Design and Computers Documentary Research Leadership Management Marketing Media & Communication Honors Senior Seminar Organizational Behavior Organizational Communication Davi has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Muhlenberg College Academic Resource Center Omicron Delta Kappa Student Athlete Mentors Muhlenberg College Volleyball Team Interests UNSW Study Abroad Program Alumni 700 members Sports and Social Media 17,804 members Brand Content 1,842 followers Caterina FakeCaterina Fake is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, Findery; Cofounder, Flickr & Hunch 272,165 followers The Carlson Group 1,396 followers EXPRESS 67,222 followers See all See all following
More Actions Akua has a account Akua Frempong, CPA Tax Senior Manager at EY EY St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business Greater New York City Area 351 351 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Senior Manager Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Tax Manager Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Manager in Global Compliance and Reporting with a focus in corporate compliance and income tax provisionsManage team in preparing corporate tax filings. Serving as liaison with sub-service lines including Accounting Methods, SALT and Transaction Tax with regards to various tax return positionsManage tax provision process for Fortune 100 oil and gas corporation and large retail companiesSupervise engagement administration (i.e. engagement letters, budgets, budget-to-actuals, billing) Tax Staff/Senior Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Staff/Senior in Business Tax Advisory with a focus in individual/corporate compliance and income tax provisions.Prepared and reviewed all tax filings for various retail and media/entertainment clients (i.e. federal, state and local, foreign filings and related forms TD 90.22-1.)Prepared and reviewed individual and trust tax filings for high net-worth individualsAssisted with IRS audit and participated in examination strategy and prepared IDR responsesReviewed and documented income tax provisions for large retail companies and Fortune 100 oil and gas corporationLoan staffed at media communications company and assisted with preparation of provision workpapers Marketing Intern Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Education St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Accounting Society Beta Alpha Psi Beta Gamma Sigma Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 10 endorsements for Corporate Tax 10 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Meghan Burtt, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Akua’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Charles Cangro and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Akua’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 5 endorsements for Income Tax 5 Income Tax Endorsed by Yud Harrindranauth, CPA, MST., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Akua’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Akua has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests EY 1,748,657 followers Kate Spade & Company 54,789 followers St. John's University Peter J. Tobin College of Business 2,426 members Google 4,937,869 followers St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business 10,105 followers St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business 10,320 followers
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Ripperdan, CPA Senior Tax Strategist at Porsche Cars North America Porsche Cars North America University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My objective is to leverage my experience while continuing to be challenged. I have 7 years of Public and Industry accounting experience working for local firms and multinational organizations. My background in Tax, Financial Analysis, System Process Management and Leadership represent a unique combination of disciplines. Personally, I have the drive and determination to consistently achieve success as a leader in all of the organizations that I have worked with in the past. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Strategist Company Name Porsche Cars North America Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Atlanta Area In this position I support the compliance process with respect to all Porsche North American entities; supporting the filing of the consolidated 1120, 1065's and LLC returns; assist in planning for and analyzing the tax impact of business transactions, law changes and tax strategies with respect to transactions; research tax law; support business units with tax related decisions or operational decisions that impact the tax position; partner with the Finance/Accounting organizations to ensure tax processes are maintained and gather required data necessary for tax purposes. Principal Owner Company Name TAX PLAN VENTURES LLC Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Indirect Tax Analyst Company Name Porsche Cars North America Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area -Reviews Company’s processes and procedures to ensure accurate and complete information is being captured for sales and use tax reporting leveraging SAP, FiServ and Vertex software. -Identify risks and opportunities in terms state tax changes, and recommend new compliance guidelines and implement system improvements as needed.-Prepares and/or reviews US and Canada sales tax returns; ensures tax calendars be completely updated, all tax filings be met with deadlines, and tax accounts be fully reconciledand documented to meet financial audit requirements.-Provides in-house liaison, analyzing, consulting and coordination of transaction tax matters impacting structure and profitability of the sales and purchases of Company & subsidiaries, and foreign affiliates. Consultant Company Name Healthcare Practice Consultants Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area Tax Manager/Consultant- Provide Tax return preparation, income tax planning, IRS representation, statistical comparison toall types of healthcare providers. Consult on collection management, Doctor Compensationarrangements, mergers and acquisitions, and provide personal instruction and evaluation.- Assist Dentist and other Physicians with Practice Analysis and Valuation. Hand-hold through theprocess of obtaining financing by being their liaison to the financial lending institutions. Provideoversight in new practice set-up.- Provide consulting to clients and translate what strategies to implement. Provide clients with taxprojection throughout the year.- Develop In-house team training and client instruction products.- Handle IT infrastructure and technology implementation.- Develop new leads and network opportunities to serve the Healthcare Community. Senior Tax Analyst II Company Name American Air Filter Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area -Reviews Company’s processes and procedures to ensure accurate and complete information is being captured for sales and use tax reporting leveraging ERP and Vertex software. -Identify risks and opportunities in terms state tax changes, and recommend new compliance guidelines and implement system improvements as needed.-Prepares and/or reviews US and Canada sales tax returns, unclaimed property reports and business license filings; ensures tax calendars be completely updated, all tax filings be met with deadlines, and tax accounts be fully reconciledand documented to meet financial audit requirements.-Provides in-house liaison, analyzing, consulting and coordination of transaction tax matters impacting structure and profitability of the sales and purchases of Company & subsidiaries, and foreign affiliates.-Prepares and/or reviews state and local tax audit issues and correspondences to tax auditors, negotiate with tax inspectors to minimize tax liabilities and claim refunds for the Company. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Degree Name Graduate Certificate Field Of Study State And Local Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Sullivan University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 27 endorsements for Auditing 27 Auditing Endorsed by Aaron Gagnon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adam’s colleagues at Porsche Cars North America Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 25 endorsements for Accounting 25 Accounting Endorsed by Aaron Gagnon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adam’s colleagues at Porsche Cars North America Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Chirag Shah, CPA and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Tim Kain Travel and Expense Systems Manager at Texas Roadhouse December 9, 2007, Adam worked with Tim in the same group Adam has always been dependable. Whenever I have asked for his help, he would go above and beyond my expectations each time. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language ILONGO (Philippino dialect) Interests eMarketing Association Network 912,719 members University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee 128,512 followers Sullivan University 17,260 followers Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members LDS Church Employment, Fayetteville, GA Ward 22 members TaxSearch Inc 1,330 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alisha has a account Alisha Sterdivant, CPA Tax Manager at Keiter Keiter Kennesaw State University Greater Atlanta Area 167 167 connections Send InMail Experienced in in various business sectors primarily specialized in the Real Estate sector. Ten years of experience in servicing corporations, partnerships, joint venture and individual clients’ accounting, tax and consulting needs. Possess strong project management, analytical, interpersonal and communication skills Assisted clients and organizations with reconciliation of year-end books, reconciling and properly recording various entries upon review and inquiry, QB advising & training, analysis of the general ledger accounts/account reconciliation, year-end adjusting journal entries, guidance with intercompany transactions, owner transactions, tax depreciation, book depreciation, compilations, month/quarter/year-end financial reporting and accounting for special transactions related but not limited to various types of sales transactions, changes in interest/ownership, investments, acquisitions and dispositions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Keiter Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Glen Allen, Va Keiter Services: Business Assurance & Advisory Service, Taxation Services, Valuation & Forensic ServicesKeiter prides itself on the experience that its accountants and advisors bring to client relationships. That experience is what sets us apart and makes us one of the most highly-respected firms serving Richmond and Virginia. At Keiter, we are proud of the integrity and experience of our client services teams. Manager, Cash Management Company Name Sylvan Road Capital LLC Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Duluth, Ga Sylvan Road Capital is an asset management firm focused on single-family residential investments. As a pioneer of the emerging institutional asset class of single-family rental housing, SRC takes a value investment approach to the sector. SRC controls the complete asset lifecycle from acquisition through exit, including renovation, leasing, property management and resident support. http://www.sylvanroad.com Accounting Manager, Real Estate Retail Company Name Jones Lang LaSalle Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Tax Manager, Real Estate Practice Group Company Name Habif, Arogeti & Wynne,LLP Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Senior Accountant (CPA) Real Estate Practice Group Company Name Habif, Arogeti & Wynne,LLP Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Atlanta, Ga Education Kennesaw State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Savannah State University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Alisha’s colleagues at Aprio Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 9 endorsements for Financial Reporting 9 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of Alisha’s colleagues at Aprio Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 6 endorsements for CPA 6 CPA Endorsed by 5 of Alisha’s colleagues at Aprio Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Christina Cazayoux Professional Recruiter/Accounting and Finance 678-534-2892/404-259-9603, ccazayoux@cgarecruiting.com March 23, 2013, Alisha was a client of Christina’s Christina was a great resource to have. She was very professional, listened to my interest, concerns and was very cognizant of my time. She only presented prospective job specs to me that aligned with my background and there were not alot of pointless interviews. She is not like your typical recruitor, I was pleased that the job specs I was interested in were the actual jobs I interviewed for. I would highly recommend Christina! Accomplishments Alisha has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Alisha has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA, Urban Land Institute, Virginia Society of CPAs Interests AICPA Women in the Profession 12,281 members ULI-the Urban Land Institute 70,844 members Savannah State University 11,780 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members AICPA 60,325 followers Aprio Employees and Alumni 492 members See all See all following
More Actions Amanda has a account Amanda Colgate, CPA Partner at Godshall Colgate, PLLC Godshall & Colgate, LLC University of South Carolina-Columbia Charlotte, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Amanda joined Godshall Colgate, LLC in 2006. Amanda earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting, Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from the Honors College at the University of South Carolina in 2003. She began her career in public accounting with Ernst & Young, LLP in Greenville, SC, and has over 12 years experience serving clients. Amanda is licensed in South Carolina and North Carolina, and she provides accounting, tax compliance, and consulting services for both individual and business clients. Amanda is a member of the South Carolina Association of CPAs (SCACPA), the North Carolina Association of CPAs (NCACPA) and the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). In 2015, Amanda was added to the list of 100 Influential People in Accounting throughout SCACPA's 100 year history. She was awarded the 2009 SCACPA Outstanding Young CPA Award and the 2011 SCACPA and AICPA Woman to Watch Award. Amanda was a founding member of the SCACPA Young CPA Leadership Cabinet, serving as chair of the Cabinet in 2009. She is currently a member of the SCACPA Editorial Board, and has contributed several informative articles published in the South Carolina CPA Report. Amanda was one of 30 CPAs selected from across the country to attend the 2010 AICPA Leadership Academy. She served as a member of the AICPA Young CPA Committee in 2011 and 2012. Amanda was a presenter at the AICPA Interchange Conference in St. Louis, MO, and has led various tax seminars throughout South Carolina. Community Involvement Board Member, Home Builders Association of Greater Columbia Board Member, Moore School of Business Friends of Accounting Former Planning Commissioner, City of Forest Acres Former Chair, Home Builders Association of Greater Columbia Ambassadors Committee See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Godshall & Colgate, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Charlotte, NC Staff Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of South Carolina-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa Agnes Scott College Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 27 endorsements for Corporate Tax 27 Corporate Tax Matthew Murtaugh and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 26 endorsements for CPA 26 CPA Endorsed by Ken Newhouse, USTCP, CPA, CITP, CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills External Audit See 17 endorsements for External Audit 17 External Audit david timerman and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Agnes Scott College 7,761 followers University of South Carolina 149,118 followers Tom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMATom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMA is a LinkedIn Influencer Influencer in Leadership, Learning, & Technology 443,526 followers Institute for Leadership & Professional Excellence at Columbia College 130 members Ernst & Young LLP - Current and Former Employees 17,011 members Agnes Scott College 7,270 followers See all See all following
More Actions CPA Festus has a account CPA Festus Mbindyo FINANCE - Online Travel Agency Wakanow.Com K Limited St Paul's University, Kenya Kenya 66 66 connections Send InMail Experienced Tax Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. Skilled in Budgeting, Microsoft Excel, Management, Customer Service, and Microsoft Word. Strong accounting professional with a Bachelor of Business Administration and Management (B.B.A.) , focused in Finance from St Paul's University, Kenya. A member of ICPAK. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Finance Executive Company Name Wakanow.Com K Limited Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Nairobi Kenya Senior Accountant Company Name ACTS Group Brackenhurst Kenya Ltd/Woodland Star School Ltd Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Accountant Company Name African Encounter Travel Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Limuru Kenya Accountant Company Name Encounter Camps Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Tax Accountant Company Name BRACKENHURST KENYA LTD Dates Employed 2011 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education St Paul's University, Kenya Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration and Management (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance VIP Degree Name CPA K Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments CPA Festus has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Kiswahili CPA Festus has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA K CPA Festus has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICPAK CPA Festus has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Recon Tax Consultants Interests ICPAK 4,169 followers Brackenhurst Hotel & Conferences 16 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,695 members Wakanow 10,721 followers Accounting & Audit 155,094 members
More Actions Mary has a account Mary Powell Senior Accountant at Jeff Bonner R & D Inc Jeff Bonner R & D Inc University of Phoenix Marion, Texas 242 242 connections Send InMail Accountant for small businesses in the area of Commercial Real Estate; Multi-Family Housing; Manufacturing/Distribution; R&amp;D Internet Technology. Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to make well thought out decisions. Resourceful in the conpletion of projects as well as multi-task. Supervisory experience in Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable. Specialties: Full Cycle Accounting; multi-state payroll See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Jeff Bonner R & D Inc Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location 10525 Mopac Drive San Antonio TX 78217 Professional Bookkeeper Company Name Mary P Stock Bookkeeper LLC Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location San Antonio, Texas Area Professional Bookkeeper looking for opportunities in the San Antonio Area. Independant Professional Bookkeeper Company Name Mary P Stock Bookkeeping LLC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location 2087 FM 465 Marion, TX 78124 Bookkeeping made simple. Office Manager/Staff Accountant Company Name Steconco LLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location 7610 Sovereign Row Dallas, TX 75247 Perform all the daily accounting functions, payroll, monthly financials, monthly construction draws request. Controller Company Name Advantix internet Marketing LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Addison, TX 75001 See more positions Education University of Phoenix Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Master of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Texas A&M University, College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Elementary Education and Teaching Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Henington, CPA, CGMA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mary’s colleagues at Advantix Digital Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 10 endorsements for Accounts Payable 10 Accounts Payable Cindy Stock and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 8 endorsements for Payroll 8 Payroll Cindy Stock and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) Laura Palagyi Treasurer at SEED Charities dba Threads of Hope December 6, 2010, Laura managed Mary directly Mary is a very capable and responsible volunteer bookkeeper/accountant for our nonprofit organization. She makes sure our books are up-to-date and accurate, balances our accounts monthly, and is always flexible and cheerful about any task we need her to help out with. Mary's bookkeeping skills have been invaluable to us over the past few years. Mark Henington, CPA, CGMA, MBA Accounting Staff Specialist and Controller's Recruiting Prime at Saudi Aramco November 22, 2009, Mark worked with Mary but at different companies I have known Mary about 4 years. We met through a volunteer organization where she was taking over the lead financial role for the group. Mary impressed me in her accounting skills and ability to navigate through a litany of regulatory issues associated with this group. She quickly streamlined the accounting process by moving to a new system and improved reporting by cross-linking to a secure web-tool. Her dedication is unsurpassed. Any company would be very fortunate to have Mary on their team. I can strongly recommend her. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Kforce Professional Network 31,269 members Texas A&M University 358,590 followers The Local Bookkeeper 4,809 followers US Road Sports & Entertainment Group 411 followers Finance and Accounting: Jobs, Job Postings & Job Recruiters 89,342 members Intuit Accountants 4,061 followers See all See all following
More Actions Davi has a account Davi Gordon Tax Accountant at DSW DSW Muhlenberg College Columbus, Ohio Area 490 490 connections Send InMail College graduate with strong work, internship, and leadership experience. Strengths include guest services, sales and use tax compliance, organization, customer service, interpersonal communication, planning and administration, and problem solving. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name DSW Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name WP Glimcher Dates Employed Apr 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Tax Accountant Company Name WP GLIMCHER Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Perform all responsibilities related to registering, preparing, filing, and maintaining compliance for sales and use tax returns for over 115 properties in over 25 states, including making payments via check and ACH electronic wires.Compose and upload monthly journal entries (Sales & Rental Tax Reconciliation, Personal Property Accrual, State & Local Tax Reconciliation, Hawaii GET Accrual).Respond to and resolve sales and use tax assessment notices in a timely manner.Gather and analyze data in order to prepare and file personal property tax returns, annual reports, and business licenses.Update and maintain department compliance calendar, issue W-9s, track sales and use tax rate changes, assist with Federal Income Tax Return preparation, and complete other administrative duties. Front Office Supervisor Company Name Hilton Worldwide Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Oversaw Front Office Staff (Front Desk Agents, PBX Operators, Bellmen, Valet Attendants, and Shuttle Drivers) in the absence of the department head.Drove Front Office effectiveness and productivity through training new staff members, monitoring room inventory to ensure maximum occupancy and room rates while preserving good relations with the hotel guests, and handling guest complaints and concerns immediately and confidently.Performed guest check-in and check-out services in a courteous and efficient manner, attended Rooms Division and Staff meetings, examined SALT (Satisfaction and Loyalty Tracking) scores, and responded to email and phone messages. Tax Intern Company Name WP GLIMCHER Dates Employed May 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Assisted Tax Manager with 2013 Tax Returns by reconciling fixed assets, and inputting depreciation, reclasses, K-1 schedules and dividends, and income and balance sheet values.Utilized best practices while implementing a more effective record keeping system for the department. See more positions Education Muhlenberg College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Business Administration, Media and Communication Grade 3.835 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Co-Captain for Varsity Volleyball Team, PR and Advertising Officer for Student Athlete Mentors, Hillel member, Events Coordinator for Omicron Delta Kappa member (National Leadership Honor Society) Graduated Magna Cum Laude with Honors in Communication UNSW Field Of Study Study Abroad for one semester Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Study Abroad Program for one semester Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Friends for Life Animal Haven Featured Skills & Endorsements Oracle E-Business Suite Oracle E-Business Suite No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills OnBase OnBase No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills RIA RIA No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Davi has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Business Ethics Business Policy and Strategy Design and Computers Documentary Research Leadership Management Marketing Media & Communication Honors Senior Seminar Organizational Behavior Organizational Communication Davi has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Muhlenberg College Academic Resource Center Omicron Delta Kappa Student Athlete Mentors Muhlenberg College Volleyball Team Interests IA Collaborative 9,485 followers SMG, Greater Columbus Convention Center 426 followers GYK Antler 5,522 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,401,002 followers Genscape, Inc. 10,401 followers Travel & Tourism Industry Professionals Worldwide 316,777 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Sensing Sales Tax Supervisor at Southwestern/Great American Sensing Tax Services Lipscomb University Columbia, Tennessee 69 69 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner/Enrolled Agent Company Name Sensing Tax Services Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bellevue TN Still working as a Tax Supervisor at Southwestern and loving it. This is just a small business I am starting to prepare tax returns on the side. I am limiting my client base to 50 clients so I can focus on service and not sacrifice time with Katie or quality at my main job or this venture. Any net income will go to Katie's college fund. If you are interested, please message me here or email sensingtax@gmail.com. Senior Sales and Use Tax Accountant Company Name Southwestern Advantage Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Enrolled Agent Company Name Tax Alternatives Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Tax Accountant Company Name Tax Alternatives Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs Education Lipscomb University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Lipscomb University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Kenneth E. and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Kenneth E. and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation Kenneth E. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent Interests Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members Southwestern Advantage 3,815 followers Lipscomb University 19,205 followers Lipscomb University 20,101 followers
More Actions CPA Festus has a account CPA Festus Mbindyo FINANCE - Online Travel Agency Wakanow.Com K Limited St Paul's University, Kenya Kenya 66 66 connections Send InMail Experienced Tax Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the hospitality industry. Skilled in Budgeting, Microsoft Excel, Management, Customer Service, and Microsoft Word. Strong accounting professional with a Bachelor of Business Administration and Management (B.B.A.) , focused in Finance from St Paul's University, Kenya. A member of ICPAK. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Finance Executive Company Name Wakanow.Com K Limited Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Nairobi Kenya Senior Accountant Company Name ACTS Group Brackenhurst Kenya Ltd/Woodland Star School Ltd Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Accountant Company Name African Encounter Travel Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Limuru Kenya Accountant Company Name Encounter Camps Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Tax Accountant Company Name BRACKENHURST KENYA LTD Dates Employed 2011 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education St Paul's University, Kenya Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration and Management (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance VIP Degree Name CPA K Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments CPA Festus has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Kiswahili CPA Festus has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA K CPA Festus has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICPAK CPA Festus has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Recon Tax Consultants Interests Wakanow 10,721 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,695 members ICPAK 4,169 followers Brackenhurst Hotel & Conferences 16 followers Accounting & Audit 155,094 members
More Actions Amanda has a account Amanda Colgate, CPA Partner at Godshall Colgate, PLLC Godshall & Colgate, LLC University of South Carolina-Columbia Charlotte, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Amanda joined Godshall Colgate, LLC in 2006. Amanda earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting, Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from the Honors College at the University of South Carolina in 2003. She began her career in public accounting with Ernst & Young, LLP in Greenville, SC, and has over 12 years experience serving clients. Amanda is licensed in South Carolina and North Carolina, and she provides accounting, tax compliance, and consulting services for both individual and business clients. Amanda is a member of the South Carolina Association of CPAs (SCACPA), the North Carolina Association of CPAs (NCACPA) and the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). In 2015, Amanda was added to the list of 100 Influential People in Accounting throughout SCACPA's 100 year history. She was awarded the 2009 SCACPA Outstanding Young CPA Award and the 2011 SCACPA and AICPA Woman to Watch Award. Amanda was a founding member of the SCACPA Young CPA Leadership Cabinet, serving as chair of the Cabinet in 2009. She is currently a member of the SCACPA Editorial Board, and has contributed several informative articles published in the South Carolina CPA Report. Amanda was one of 30 CPAs selected from across the country to attend the 2010 AICPA Leadership Academy. She served as a member of the AICPA Young CPA Committee in 2011 and 2012. Amanda was a presenter at the AICPA Interchange Conference in St. Louis, MO, and has led various tax seminars throughout South Carolina. Community Involvement Board Member, Home Builders Association of Greater Columbia Board Member, Moore School of Business Friends of Accounting Former Planning Commissioner, City of Forest Acres Former Chair, Home Builders Association of Greater Columbia Ambassadors Committee See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Godshall & Colgate, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Charlotte, NC Staff Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of South Carolina-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa Agnes Scott College Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 27 endorsements for Corporate Tax 27 Corporate Tax Matthew Murtaugh and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 26 endorsements for CPA 26 CPA Endorsed by Ken Newhouse, USTCP, CPA, CITP, CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills External Audit See 17 endorsements for External Audit 17 External Audit david timerman and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of South Carolina 136,870 followers Agnes Scott College 7,761 followers Agnes Scott College 7,270 followers Ernst & Young LLP - Current and Former Employees 17,011 members Tom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMATom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMA is a LinkedIn Influencer Influencer in Leadership, Learning, & Technology 443,529 followers University of South Carolina 149,118 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Fletcher CPA at Eric S. Fletcher, CPA Eric S. Fletcher, CPA University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Charlotte, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As a CPA certified in North Carolina and South Carolina, with extensive experience in tax consulting and tax compliance, I provide quality tax services to taxpayers. I also serve as Treasurer for the French American Chamber of Commerce of the Carolinas. Specialties: Tax research, corporate taxation, international taxation, expatriate taxation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Eric S. Fletcher, CPA Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Matthews, NC I bring extensive experience in tax consulting and tax compliance to my public practice. Tax Manager Company Name 3D Systems Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Rock Hill, SC Management of tax matters for 3D Systems, including tax financial reporting, tax compliance, tax planning, and tax examinations and inquiries. Tax Director Company Name Potter & Company Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Management of tax operations; provision of technical tax advice through deep understanding of tax law and tax research abilities; review of tax returns with varying degrees of difficulty; specialized knowledge of C corporations and S corporations, tax accounting, and international tax matters. Senior Tax Director Company Name BDO Seidman, LLP Dates Employed Oct 1988 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 21 yrs 1 mo Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Price Waterhouse Dates Employed Sep 1983 – Oct 1988 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Education University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Degree Name M.Acc. Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1983 The University of Georgia Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 60 endorsements for Corporate Tax 60 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Mark Bulmer, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at Potter & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 51 endorsements for Tax Accounting 51 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at Potter & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 41 endorsements for Tax 41 Tax Endorsed by Deborah Douglas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eric’s colleagues at Potter & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) LaKeisha Singleton, CPA Potter & Company, CPA December 6, 2013, Eric was senior to LaKeisha but didn’t manage directly Eric's tax knowledge is superior. He is a patient leader whose willingness to transfer knowledge is incomparable. I immensely enjoyed being under Eric's tutelage. Ramona Henegar, CPA Tax Manager at Potter & Company December 3, 2013, Eric was senior to Ramona but didn’t manage directly I had the privilege of working with Eric at Potter & Company. His knowledge of tax law is amazing. He was always willing to help with his tax expertise and would often seek out additional research on his own to confirm an answer. He would be an asset to any tax practice. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Arnold D Jones Jr. Tax Accountant June 20, 2011, Eric managed Arnold D directly Arnie has a thorough understanding of tax law and applies his knowledge in providing excellent tax compliance and tax planning for clients in his area of responsibility. He has a pleasant personality that makes working with him an enjoyable experience. Vernette Rucker Director of Gift Accounting and Records at Charlotte Latin School March 17, 2011, Vernette worked with Eric in the same group Vernette is very professional, paying detailed attention to her area of responsibility to make sure everything is accomplished with accuracy and efficiency. Accomplishments Eric has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA (Certified Public Accountant) Eric has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Interests University of Georgia Alumni Association Group (UGA) 35,019 members 3D Systems Corporation 28,499 followers The University of Georgia 176,905 followers A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members AICPA 60,325 followers French American Chamber of Commerce - Carolinas - FaccC 267 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Nadolski, CPA Comptroller at Kutztown University Tatamy Borough DeSales University Allentown, Pennsylvania Area 171 171 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Councilman Company Name Tatamy Borough Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Tatamy Borough, PA Elected to a 4 year term as Tatamy Borough councilman in January 2014. Finance committee chairman and public safety committee chariman. Comptroller Company Name Kutztown University Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Kutztown, PA 19530 Successfully prepared annual University financial statements with unqualified opinion as well as various federal and state tax returns. Present annual financial statements to Council of Trustees. Oversee preparation of various financial reports including; A-133, NCAA, IPEDS, FISAP, and other internal reports. Effectively partnered with a third party to enhance the student experience by safely providing student refunds electronically, therefore; eliminating long lines of frustrated students waiting to pick-up a paper check who then had to proceed to a bank to deposit or cash the check. Currently coordinating the implementation of PCI and Red Flag policies with all University departments including; Information Technology, Student Financials, Financial Aid, Athletics, and Student Services. Responsible for the overall accounting and finance operations including; assessment, reviewing general ledger account reconciliations, internal control, employee expense reimbursements, accounts payable, accounts receivable and student account reconciliations. Provide ad-hoc reports and develop analysis as requested by VP of Administration and Finance for significant general ledger accounts such as tuition revenue, salary expense, and bad debt analysis. Provide daily cash flow reports. Participate in annual budget preparation process with Senior Budget Director. Assist with the development of the annual memo of understanding with Kutztown University Foundation. Work closely with Financial Aid to comply with PHEAA and federal work study reporting. Earned Income Tax Collector and Local Service Tax Collector Company Name Tatamy Borough and Nazareth Area School District Dates Employed 2007 – 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Tatamy PA Part time position Responsible for the daily collection of borough and school district earned income taxes and local service taxes. Record, reconcile and deposit all monies collected. Review annual tax returns, process estimated tax payments, meet with citizens to collect taxes and resolve disputes. Work with employers to maintain compliance. Remit taxes collected to citizens’ home municipality and initiate claims from other municipalities. Provide monthly reports and successfully complete annual audits. Controller First Commonwealth, a wholly owned subsidiary of Guardian Life Company Name THE GUARDIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA Dates Employed 1997 – 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Bethlehem, PA Responsible for the accounting department including the preparation of financial statements, statutory statements - Life, Accident & Health (blue blank) and Health (orange blank) and state filings for seven subsidiaries. Work extensively with external auditors, internal auditors and state regulators. Direct day-to-day accounting functions including; supervision of five accounting analyst, cash management, budgeting, financial statement analysis, authorizing journal entries and recording accounting information relating to dental, group life & health and disability insurance, commissions, cost containment, and vendor payments. Analyze effectiveness of new projects; assess department impact, resource requirements and present recommendations to Director. Prior experience, as supervisor for Group Pensions and Equity Accounting, included reporting for; retirement services, 401K plans and various separate account equity products, including variable and fixed annuities on a daily, monthly, quarterly, and annual basis. Maintain and reconcile multiple computer interfaces to general ledger as well as testing new system implementations. Provide accounting support to management, administration, budgeting, and financial reporting. Senior Accountant Company Name WITHUM, SMITH AND BROWN Dates Employed 1994 – 1997 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Somerville, New Jersey Gained certification as a Public Accountant during a two-year apprenticeship. Responsibilities included supervising audit staff. Perform audit, review, and compilation of financial statements, including writing opinions, for medium and small, private, public, and non-profit companies. Additional experience gained in business valuations, preparation of federal and state corporate income tax returns including; forms 1120, 1120S, 990 and 5500, partnership form 1065 and individual form 1040 and payroll tax return forms 940, 941, W-2, 1099, and 1096 See more positions Education DeSales University Degree Name BS Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Attendend Rutgers University Piscataway High School Field Of Study Business/Managerial Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1979 Volunteer Experience Councilman Company Name Tatamy Borough Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Politics Elected Tatamy Borough Councilman 2014. Chair of the Finance Committee and chair of the Public Safety Committee. Treasurer Company Name Tatamy Borough Firemans Relief Fund Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Jan 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by 8 of John’s colleagues at Kutztown University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 19 endorsements for Financial Reporting 19 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 7 of John’s colleagues at Kutztown University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls See 12 endorsements for Internal Controls 12 Internal Controls Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at Kutztown University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA John has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA, PICPA, NACUBO Interests Tatamy Borough 2 followers Kutztown University of Pennsylvania 37,669 followers DeSales University 13,862 followers DeSales University 14,424 followers NACUBO 6,554 members Kutztown University of Pennsylvania 39,484 followers
More Actions Ruben has a account Ruben Collaso Tax Accountant at Absolute Tax Specialists Absolute Tax Specialists Ontario, California 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Absolute Tax Specialists Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Lynn has a account Lynn Hansen, CPA Assistant Director - Technology Financial Management at Northwestern Mutual Northwestern Mutual University of Wisconsin-La Crosse Greater Milwaukee Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a high energy CPA with experience in leading business strategy, organizational transformation, and business process redesign. I have excellent people management, consensus building, and communication skills. I am a self-starter that can drive complex projects with minimal guidance/oversight. I currently specialize in technology financial management and analysis in the Client and Digital Experience function at Northwestern Mutual. This includes budgeting, forecasting, workforce analysis, and support for implementing new technology related to financial management. I also have experience providing leadership, organization, and coordination to support key transformational activities, including project prioritization, planning, governance, project management, and continuous improvement within a PMO. My passion is to help people understand the complex world of technology financial management and project management. Specialties: CPA, Program Management, Project Management, Financial Analysis, CPM, Six Sigma Green Belt See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lynn’s Activity 591 followers leadership thoughts Lynn liked Jessica A.’s photo Lynn liked Super impressed by Kim Jenkins Manigault, CPA for earning CFO of the Year honor! Lynn liked IT United Lynn liked Great opportunity for someone with a TBM background to step into a thriving company and leverage their TBM expertise. Lynn liked It's the end of a glorious life chapter. I'm lucky to have met so many talented and generous colleagues at Northwestern's Kellogg Executive Education. Here's to great things ahead! Erick Azen , Elizabeth Parker , Matthew Monaco , Steve Carani , Sameet Doshi , Pedro Garavito , Ian J. Figueroa , Guillermo Eslava , Alexander Ermishin Lynn liked See all activity Experience Assistant Director - Client and Digital Experience - Technology Financial Management Company Name Northwestern Mutual Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Milwaukee Area Shared Services Financial Manager, PMO Operations Manager Company Name ManpowerGroup Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Milwaukee Area As the Financial Manager of Shared Services (SS), I develop and maintain service offering cost estimates, as well as the budgeting, forecasting, and financial analysis for the SS organization. As the PMO Operations Manager, my responsibilities include portfolio reporting, project prioritization and intake, business case development and monitoring, educating on and enforcing project methodology and standards, creating and reporting PMO metrics, and maturing the PMO to ensure it is providing value and driving results. I also manage projects and perform various types of financial analysis. Manager of NAIS Business Technology Mgmt, PMO Company Name ManpowerGroup Dates Employed May 2007 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Responsible for: all financial aspects of the North American IT organization, including budgeting, forecasting, and monitoring actual results. Implemented various process improvements and metrics. Responsible for all NA PMO functions accross the business and IT, which includes identifying new projects, monitoring existing projects, and reporting project status to the NA Lead Team. Financial Specialist Company Name ManpowerGroup Dates Employed Apr 2004 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Sarbanes Oxley (SOX): Assisted in the implementation of a SOX program for US Operations, including documentation requirements, implementing a testing plan, monitoring remediation plans, and facilitating external auditors. Managed the on-going U.S. program which included reviewing and updating key controls and related documentation, managed consultants, performed testing, and presenting results to Management. Participated in the SOX Center of Excellence, which monitored the SOX program globally. Created annual timelines for the global program, monitored regulations for changes that could impact Manpower, and consulted with external auditors. Lead International conference calls which provided various updates to the global SOX entities, and obtained status updates. Presented these updates to Senior Management. Helped to develop an automated global tool to maintain key control information, monitor testing, and provide reports such as the Schedule of Accumulated Deficiencies. Traveled to various entities to train individuals on the global SOX program and on how to use the automated tool.Special Projects: Monitored nearly 200 projects as part of a cost savings initiative which saved the U.S. Operations over $16M. Facilitated various customer audits which compared actual rate data to the contracted rates. Supported the monthly financial closing process during a PeopleSoft implementation. Financial Manager of Information Technology Company Name Strong Financial Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2002 – May 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Reviewed Budget-to-Actual Statements for all IT departments on a monthly basis with the IT Directors. Reviewed financial information on specific projects, ensuring proper capitalization and depreciation. Lead an initiative to reduce IT's operating run rate by $2 million in one year. Maintained the time reporting system. Consulted on the implementation of a new user interface to time reporting, which made it faster and easier to log time. Lead the transparency initiative, which allowed business units to see what their IT applications were truly costing the firm. Took ownership of the leasing function and implemented a new process which was tied to a new asset management system. Enabled the firm to eliminate one FTE. Saved the firm nearly $200k by reconciling inaccurate invoicing. As a super-user, helped with the selection and implementation of a new asset management system, Tangram. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-La Crosse Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1994 Cum Laude Graduate Volunteer Experience Teamworks Employee Volunteer Council Company Name ManpowerGroup Dates volunteered Aug 2013 – Aug 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment As a member of the Teamworks Council, I promote volunteerism at Manpowergroup by serving as an abassador for various initiatives, evaluate events, projects, and non-profit organizations to determine which initiatives ManpowerGroup should support, assist in managing the volunteer projects, serve as the 'voice of the employee' by providing input / feedback, and help develop and promote strategies that will result in growth of various initiatives. Treasurer, Multicultural Employee Group for Excellence Company Name ManpowerGroup Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Oct 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture The Multicultural Employee Group for Excellence (MERGE) is a Business Resource Group focused on education and awareness of various cultures, professional career development, and enhancing community involvement. As Treasurer, my responsibilities also include developing and maintaining the annual budget, approving activities aligned with the group, reviewing / approving expenditures, and participating in the annual planning process. Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 47 endorsements for Process Improvement 47 Process Improvement Endorsed by 5 of Lynn’s colleagues at ManpowerGroup Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 31 endorsements for Management 31 Management Endorsed by Andrew Carlson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Lynn’s colleagues at ManpowerGroup Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 24 endorsements for Forecasting 24 Forecasting Endorsed by 2 of Lynn’s colleagues at Northwestern Mutual Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) David Poll Program Manager (IT Manager) at Roundy's Supermarkets, Inc. July 13, 2012, David reported directly to Lynn As one of Lynn’s previous employees I can vouch for her willingness to help remove obstacles when all else failed. Her concern for her employees and their wellbeing was also well appreciated, it was obvious that she cared about us. Her open door policy, which allowed me to sit down with her and discuss projects and process, was invaluable. I was happy to work for her. Jennifer Anderson Director IT Operations at ManpowerGroup July 2, 2010, Jennifer was senior to Lynn but didn’t manage directly Lynn Hansen came to our IT Organization from the Finance division at Manpower. She stepped into the PMO role and drives our projects with all divisions of the company and implemented a business case process that began to drive more focus on projects that have a direct impact on revenue for the Manpower North American division. Lynn drives performance, assists the team in developing future leaders and is able to make tough decisions that benefit the entire time. It has been a pleasure working alongside Lynn. David Poll Program Manager (IT Manager) at Roundy's Supermarkets, Inc. July 13, 2012, Lynn managed David directly In his Project Management roll, David made immediate progress on projects that had previously struggled to move forward. David did a great job in organizing project teams, keeping the teams focused, setting milestones, and communicating the project status. David is very intelligent, and his experience with application development was a definite benefit when working with the very technical aspects of a project. I could always trust David and knew he would keep me informed of the progress or issues of the projects. David’s strengths of project management, relationship building and intelligence will make him a great asset to any organization. Jennifer Anderson Director IT Operations at ManpowerGroup July 1, 2010, Jennifer was senior to Lynn but didn’t manage directly Jennifer is a dedicated and motivated Client Support Director who also makes work fun. She has evolved the Service Desk area as business needs change. She is focused on the customer and drives solutions. I enjoy working with Jennifer and would recommend her as an asset to any team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Employees and Alums of Manpower | ManpowerGroup 12,433 members University of Wisconsin-La Crosse 46,227 followers National Association of Professional Women (NAPW) 39,063 followers Apptio/TBM Professionals 253 members University of Wisconsin-La Crosse College of Business Administration 3,826 members PMO Any where 3,686 members See all See all following
More Actions Mary has a account Mary Powell Senior Accountant at Jeff Bonner R & D Inc Jeff Bonner R & D Inc University of Phoenix Marion, Texas 242 242 connections Send InMail Accountant for small businesses in the area of Commercial Real Estate; Multi-Family Housing; Manufacturing/Distribution; R&amp;D Internet Technology. Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to make well thought out decisions. Resourceful in the conpletion of projects as well as multi-task. Supervisory experience in Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable. Specialties: Full Cycle Accounting; multi-state payroll See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Jeff Bonner R & D Inc Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location 10525 Mopac Drive San Antonio TX 78217 Professional Bookkeeper Company Name Mary P Stock Bookkeeper LLC Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location San Antonio, Texas Area Professional Bookkeeper looking for opportunities in the San Antonio Area. Independant Professional Bookkeeper Company Name Mary P Stock Bookkeeping LLC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location 2087 FM 465 Marion, TX 78124 Bookkeeping made simple. Office Manager/Staff Accountant Company Name Steconco LLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location 7610 Sovereign Row Dallas, TX 75247 Perform all the daily accounting functions, payroll, monthly financials, monthly construction draws request. Controller Company Name Advantix internet Marketing LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Addison, TX 75001 See more positions Education University of Phoenix Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Master of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Texas A&M University, College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Elementary Education and Teaching Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Henington, CPA, CGMA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mary’s colleagues at Advantix Digital Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 10 endorsements for Accounts Payable 10 Accounts Payable Cindy Stock and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 8 endorsements for Payroll 8 Payroll Cindy Stock and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) Laura Palagyi Treasurer at SEED Charities dba Threads of Hope December 6, 2010, Laura managed Mary directly Mary is a very capable and responsible volunteer bookkeeper/accountant for our nonprofit organization. She makes sure our books are up-to-date and accurate, balances our accounts monthly, and is always flexible and cheerful about any task we need her to help out with. Mary's bookkeeping skills have been invaluable to us over the past few years. Mark Henington, CPA, CGMA, MBA Accounting Staff Specialist and Controller's Recruiting Prime at Saudi Aramco November 22, 2009, Mark worked with Mary but at different companies I have known Mary about 4 years. We met through a volunteer organization where she was taking over the lead financial role for the group. Mary impressed me in her accounting skills and ability to navigate through a litany of regulatory issues associated with this group. She quickly streamlined the accounting process by moving to a new system and improved reporting by cross-linking to a secure web-tool. Her dedication is unsurpassed. Any company would be very fortunate to have Mary on their team. I can strongly recommend her. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas A&M University Alumni 26,279 members Bookkeepergirl LosAngeles 18 followers Developers, Engineers & Techies (Java .NET C# HTML5 Android iOs Windows PHP SQL Python Ruby) 155,959 members Bookkeeper Girl Florida 14 followers Texas A&M University 358,590 followers Institute of Management Accountants (IMA®) Official Site 40,924 members See all See all following
More Actions Kathryn has a account Kathryn Wright Tax Accountant at WithumSmith+Brown WithumSmith+Brown Bucknell University Colts Neck, New Jersey 132 132 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name WithumSmith+Brown Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Prepare Individual, estate and trust tax returns Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Woolston & Koerner CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Tax Accountant Company Name H D Harris CPA Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Education Bucknell University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1976 St. Mary's Hall Dates attended or expected graduation 1966 – 1972 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Mindy Polacek and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Mindy Polacek and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 7 endorsements for Tax Returns 7 Tax Returns Cynthia (Cindy) Lister and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bucknell University 37,092 followers WithumSmith+Brown 4,176 followers Bucknell University 36,583 followers
More Actions Michael A. has a account Michael A. Ippolito, CPA CFO Winholt Equipment Group St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A Financial Executive and CPA with over twenty nine years of experience in the accounting/finance profession. Strong background in talent development, treasury management, financial statement, budget and tax preparation using various computer software programs. Successful "hands on" manager, mentor and leader of high-performing teams. Provider of excellent value via superior customer service, both internally and externally. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael A.’s Activity 3,239 followers Carl Oliveri, Partner-in-Charge of the Construction Practice of Grassi & Co., was recently quoted in Crain's New York regarding accounting tips on the construction boom. Read here: http://ow.ly/JD1930cI4AU Michael A. liked Louis’ photo Michael A. liked Louis’ photo Michael A. liked I'd like to personally congratulate my Partner-in-Charge of Trust & Estates Services, Lisa Rispoli, for becoming the most recent board member of the Estate Planning Council (EPC). Congratulations Lisa! Michael A. liked Design Control for the Development of Medical Device and Device Combination Products Michael A. liked Louis’ photo Michael A. liked See all activity Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Winholt Equipment Group Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Executive leading all financial and administration activities for a Top manufacturer of Food Service, Food Handling and Material Handling Equipment. Reporting directly to the President with oversight on all financial functions including banking, accounting, budget, credit, insurance, tax, treasury and HR. Strong background in talent development, designing and coordinating a wide variety of financial data and reports. Regularly evaluate and implement cost-cutting programs to protect and enhance operating profits. Partner with Senior Management to grow revenue and improve operating proficiencies in accordance with strategic goals, to create value.Meet monthly with fellow members of Senior Management Team and Quarterly with Advisory Board to discuss actual vs. budgeted results and variances. Provide external auditors with annual financial statement and requested documents. Implement policies and procedures and internal controls to safeguard all assets. Lead, evaluate and develop five member accounting team. Meet with Investment Advisor quarterly to review 401k investments and compliance. Primary contact for all business partners including banks, attorneys, brokers and auditors. Supervisory Committee Member Company Name NEFCU Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Westbury, NY 11590 Conduct oversight function of the membership, ensuring that the credit union adheres to established policies and conducts business in the members' best interest. Meet monthly with fellow members of Supervisory Committee and SVP of Internal Audit. Review examination and audit findings. Research member complaints. Select external auditors. Attend Board meetings. Controller - reporting to CEO Company Name Baltic Linen Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Report to CEO of International Textile Distributor. "Hands on" leader of Finance function and team. Serve as primary contact for banks, auditors, attorneys, insurance brokers, outside consultants, etc.. Partner with CEO, CAO, Sales, Customer Service, IT and imports to help grow business and improve operations. Prepare monthly financial reports as member of Senior Management Team. Provide external auditors with annual financial statement and requested documents. Meet monthly with Senior Management Team to discuss actual vs. budgeted results and variances. Implement internal controls. Supervise, evaluate and develop seven member accounting team. Meet with Investment Advisor quarterly to review 401k investments and compliance. Partnered with CEO and CAO on due diligence process for successful sale of Company. VP Finance/Controller Company Name Sandata Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Prepare monthly financial reports for Senior Management Team. Provide external auditors with annual financial statement and requested documents. Meet monthly with Senior Management Team to discuss actual vs. budgeted results and variances. Implement internal controls. Supervise, evaluate and develop six member accounting team. Meet with Investment Advisor and CFO quarterly to review 401k investments and compliance. Assist CFO with requests from Private Equity firm and Bank Examiners. Assistant Controller Company Name Blackman Plumbing Supply Co., Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bethpage, NY Manager of Accounting Department of four. Review all workpapers, financial statements and tax returns. Meet with CFO monthly to discuss variances between budgeted and actual results. Meet with Branch Manager to discuss ways to improve profitability. Meet with Credit Card Processing Companies to reduce costs. Assist Controller with special projects and external auditors. See more positions Education St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 71 endorsements for Accounting 71 Accounting Endorsed by Michael Meilak, CPA, CGMA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Michael A.’s colleagues at Sandata Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 58 endorsements for Auditing 58 Auditing Endorsed by Mac McLemore and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Michael A.’s colleagues at Sandata Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls See 50 endorsements for Internal Controls 50 Internal Controls Endorsed by Philip Gaboury, CPA, CGMA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Michael A.’s colleagues at Sandata Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jim Paduano VP-Client Development at BWD Group LLC August 20, 2012, Michael A. worked with Jim in the same group I've known Michael for 15 years and worked with him for the first 10. He is extremely knowledgable and experienced. He is a very dedicated professional whom I highly recommend for not only his professional expertise but also for excellent character. Paul Scheffler Regional Sales Manager, Coach and Trainer May 22, 2015, Michael A. was a client of Paul’s I had the pleasure of working with Paul when our Company was researching Credit Card Processors. Paul provided us with the best pricing and even better Customer Service. Paul is a consummate professional. Looking forward to continuing to do business with Paul and his team. Dan Meehan Chief Financial Officer at Wolf Gordon Inc. September 8, 2009, Michael A. reported directly to Dan Dan is an extremely knowledgeable and professional manager with expertise in accounting, finance and taxation. He is a great person to work for and with. Accomplishments Michael A. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests MIT Sloan Management Review 9,811 followers NEFCU 1,066 followers Finance Club 1,037,894 members Grassi & Co. 4,243 followers Start With Why - Simon Sinek 246,506 followers RSSM CPA LLP 3,631 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alice has a account Alice Mcneill Tax Accountant Mesa Self-employed University of South Mesa Mesa, Arizona 114 114 connections Send InMail • Fifteen years of experience in the accounting and tax industry • Proficient in the preparation of individual and corporate tax returns including state income tax returns for trusts and tax exempt entities • Experienced in the global business environment at a macro level • Ability to review and research critical tax issues and resolve problems quickly • Good written and oral communication skills, ability to communicate with all levels within the organization as well as external customers and suppliers • Ability to work independently or as a member of a team • Superior organization skills with the ability to multitask and prioritize to meet company deadlines and work in a high paced environment • Ability to develop and implement tax strategies to meet changing requirements and tax laws • Experienced in numerous types of computer software including spreadsheets and word processing programs; proficient in report writing and database operation • Knowledge in researching and documenting tax transactions and proper recording methods • Experienced in representing clients with the IRS and state governments during audits • Experienced with multiple computer software and tax applications • Trained in LEAN and Kaizen See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Mesa Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location Mesa, AZ Responsible for the management of federal, excise and, property and tax transactions; prepared tax accruals and reconciled balanced sheets; reviewed tax laws for changes and implemented changes for compliance; monitored monthly tax calendar and scheduled filing for states and local returns for multiple divisions in several states; maintained fixed assets incorporating FAS systems; performed fixed asset tax depreciation calculations; renewal of business licenses for all divisions in multiple states; maintained tax records for the creation of new entities, the dissolution of entities and liquidations; responded to research requests and participated in audit meetings.Responsible for the preparation of corporate, partnership returns and fiduciary tax returns; supervised staff; trained junior staff members in tax preparation; gathered and analyzed tax data; researched tax and sales use; processed US Sales and US Use tax quarterly; performed Sales and Use Tax audits; reviewed control procedures; participate in financial projections and business valuations; participated in audit functions; assisted in the allocation of company assets and investment planning; reconciliation of sales tax payable accounts and rollover accounts of fixed assets; prepared and filed property tax returns; prepared amended returns; provided consultation in regards to employee benefits Education University of South Mesa Degree Name Master’s Degree in Business and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Kelly, CPA President at US Tax Service US Tax Service University of Iowa Dubuque, Iowa Area 110 110 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name US Tax Service Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Education University of Iowa Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Budgets See 6 endorsements for Budgets 6 Budgets Robin McEnany and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cash Flow See 5 endorsements for Cash Flow 5 Cash Flow Sean McCauley and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 4 endorsements for Payroll 4 Payroll Sean McCauley and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Iowa 152,356 followers University of Pennsylvania 224,435 followers Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members University of Pennsylvania 205,845 followers University of Iowa 157,290 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Brennan CPA, MBA VP of Finance at Accord Healthcare ► Pharma Finance Leader ✦ Driving Growth, Stability & Operational Control ✦ CPA & MBA Accord Healthcare Thunderbird School of Global Management Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail ★ Leading & Managing Change in Commercial, R&D, Manufacturing Finance Operations ★ ► I build and lead strong, positive teams in global life sciences organizations, and drive strategic financial planning in established and growth-stage environments. ► Fueled by over 20 years in progressively more senior-level roles, I bring a powerful combination of vision, insight, and process to financial operations, resulting in improved transparency, stronger controls, and clarity around opportunities and roadblocks. SUMMARY ✔︎ My success is driven by a hands-on, collaborative approach, and a commitment to the teams that I serve that extends beyond monthly meetings. ✔︎ By creating partnerships and trust across functional areas, I add value to the bottom line, focusing leaders and front-line teams around the metrics and opportunities that truly impact the business. MILESTONES ★ As Business Line Controller at Celanese, led Six Sigma exercises to improve working capital, and completed high-potential leadership development. ★ Produced global consolidated financials for as Division Accounting Manager for Asia Pacific and LATAM business units at CR Bard. ★ Advanced through the finance organization for Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals, assuming ownership and accountability for tax, business finance, and manufacturing accounting for generic, brand and OTC divisions. ★ Currently leading US Finance for Accord Healthcare, a mid-stage, global generics-focused firm, with a robust portfolio in growth-oriented therapies and over 5,500 product approvals. Reach out through this profile or dbrennan1972@yahoo.com ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲ Executive Qualifications Include: Business/Finance Transformation ✔︎ Strategic Finance Planning ✔︎ Commercial & Operations Finance ✔︎ Supply Chain & Global Manufacturing ✔︎ Gross-to-Net Accounting ✔︎ Financial Infrastructure ✔︎ US GAAP, UGAAP & IRFS Consolidated Reporting ✔︎ Leadership & Talent Development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Finance Company Name Accord Healthcare Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area ► Directing a high-performing finance team in design and optimization of financial models, structures, and planning strategies. ► Chartered to create a focus on infrastructure that will provide a foundation for growth and opportunity, critical to next-stage plans. ► Lead and develop a team that spans tax, finance, and accounting, and partner with executive management on transformation initiatives.☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About Accord Healthcare: Fast-growth generic pharmaceutical corporation with 130 products marketed in North America, Europe, South America, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, MENA and Asia Pacific. Head of Finance Company Name Ranbaxy Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Led a staff of 22 and all financial accounting practices. Guided budget processes for Generic, Brand, OTC and Manufacturing, and partnered with commercial leadership to influence strategic business decisions through actionable insight.► Managed processes, governance and standards for transfer pricing adjustments, overseeing the entire initiative to ensure pricing and profitability alignment for global manufacturing. ► Developed three high potential leaders into key positions. Provided stretch goals, decisive leadership, and ongoing mentorship.► Achieved full integration of acquisition targets within aggressive timelines, partnering with global cross-functional teams on people, process, and systems integration in an SAP ERP environment. ► Promoted a holistic view within the product/R&D organizations. Developed robust models that integrated market erosion, sales force effectiveness, and supply chain concerns into the commercialization strategy. ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About RANBAXY (acquired by Sun Pharma in 2015): Global generics leader with 45 manufacturing sites producing 2000 indications that improve quality of life across multiple disease states in 150 markets. Controller Company Name Ranbaxy Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Accounting and reporting for the $1B entity. Managed the budgeting process for $85M in SGA expense. Consolidated reporting into USGAAP, IGAAP and IFRS and provided stability and process to US accounting operations during a period of rapid growth. ► Achieved $2M in actualized savings within the first full year of hire, as well as a 64-day/70% reduction in year-end reporting, via business process re-engineering and end-to-end analysis. ► Built trust and consensus among business leaders in the US and India, and developed strategic partnerships with manufacturing and commercial stakeholders. ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About RANBAXY (acquired by Sun Pharma in 2015): Global generics leader with 45 manufacturing sites producing 2000 indications that improve quality of life across multiple disease states in 150 markets. Senior Manager, Global Revenue Company Name Celgene Dates Employed May 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Domestic accounting and global reporting. Managed international revenue accounting, analysis, forecasting and reporting for a $3B international entity.► Streamlined and automated gross-to-net and fixed asset reporting, harmonizing cross-functional teams to reduce close processes by 1 day in the first 3 months.► Initiated due diligence that uncovered significant over-accruals within the first quarter on the team.☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About CELGENE:Global Biopharmaceutical corporation, publicly traded (NASDAQ: CELG), over $9.3M annual revenue (2015). Division Accounting Manager Company Name CR Bard Dates Employed Oct 2005 – May 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Division Accounting Manager (9/2007 – 5/2009)► Led global financial consolidated accounting and management reporting for $57M international entity, focused on Asia Pacific and South America.► Helmed AR, credit and collections for six high-risk countries; concurrently handled AP for the division’s largest legal entity. ► Initiated global operational reviews with 5 business units worldwide; unified business, finance and manufacturing leaders around process gaps and opportunities.Prior Roles:✔︎ Plant Accounting Manager, Nogales, MX (4/2007 – 9/2007)✔︎ Internal Audit Manager, Murray Hill, NJ (10/2005 – 4/2007)☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About CR BARD:Multinational medical device manufacturer focused on advancing lives and healthcare delivery through device innovation. Publicly traded (NYSE: BCR); over 14,900 employees and 3.4M in net sales (2015). See more positions Education Thunderbird School of Global Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 GPA: 3.67 / 4.00 Alfred University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Pacioli Society Delta Mu Delta Cum Laude Graduate Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 42 endorsements for Accounting 42 Accounting Endorsed by Karl Hazen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of David’s colleagues at Ranbaxy Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 28 endorsements for Financial Analysis 28 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Karl Hazen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of David’s colleagues at Ranbaxy Click and drag to reorder skills US GAAP See 26 endorsements for US GAAP 26 US GAAP Rajesh Kumar Arora and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Jagannathan Tuppil Head Finance - North & Latin America (Manufacturing) April 6, 2017, Jagannathan worked with David in the same group I worked with Jagan for 6 years while at Ranbaxy and can attest to his technical skill, operational awareness, and project management ability. He is a high caliber colleague that meets and or exceeds expectation on a routine basis while building trusted relationships within the organization. I highly recommend Jagan and genuinely feel he adds value on a daily basis. Jane Edwards Sr. Accounts Receivable Manager August 17, 2016, David managed Jane directly With pleasure I write this letter of recommendation for Jane Edwards. Jane held the Senior Accounts Receivable Manager position for Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy Laboratories, and OHM Laboratories since March of 2007. She very effectively managed a portfolio valued at over $225 million, resulting in a DSO consistently much less than the industry average. Jane’s strong attention to detail, focus of analytics and documentation, as well as the effective management of her team, led to a company A/R collections record of $1 billion dollars in 2012. She is very dedicated employee going above and beyond the normal course of business to ensure that deadlines are achieved while maintaining the highest quality levels. She has been a key success factor to our organization, developing strong processes, leading by example to set and maintain integrity, and utilizing her strong interpersonal skills with Senior Management to influence how business is conducted. In addition, her ability to effectively work independently and as a team member, and her strong communications skills, have resulted in minimizing my travel needs to the Jacksonville operations center.Jane’s success, professionalism, perseverance, and adaptability to our ever changing environment, as well as her camaraderie, all are factors that make her a great team member and valued employee.I would welcome the opportunity to work with her again.Sincerely,David BrennanVP Finance - Accord Healthcare, Inc. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests TalentServed: Leading Executive Recruiters in the Restaurant, Resort, Casino and Hotel Industry 16,457 followers Amneal Pharmaceuticals 15,953 followers Amarin Corporation 2,586 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,725 members Controller's Group, Inc. 13,225 followers Banner Life Sciences 457 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ruben has a account Ruben Collaso Tax Accountant at Absolute Tax Specialists Absolute Tax Specialists Ontario, California 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Absolute Tax Specialists Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Kathryn has a account Kathryn Wright Tax Accountant at WithumSmith+Brown WithumSmith+Brown Bucknell University Colts Neck, New Jersey 132 132 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name WithumSmith+Brown Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Prepare Individual, estate and trust tax returns Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Woolston & Koerner CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Tax Accountant Company Name H D Harris CPA Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Education Bucknell University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1976 St. Mary's Hall Dates attended or expected graduation 1966 – 1972 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Mindy Polacek and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Mindy Polacek and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 7 endorsements for Tax Returns 7 Tax Returns Cynthia (Cindy) Lister and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bucknell University 37,092 followers Bucknell University 36,583 followers WithumSmith+Brown 4,176 followers
More Actions Alice has a account Alice Mcneill Tax Accountant Mesa Self-employed University of South Mesa Mesa, Arizona 114 114 connections Send InMail • Fifteen years of experience in the accounting and tax industry • Proficient in the preparation of individual and corporate tax returns including state income tax returns for trusts and tax exempt entities • Experienced in the global business environment at a macro level • Ability to review and research critical tax issues and resolve problems quickly • Good written and oral communication skills, ability to communicate with all levels within the organization as well as external customers and suppliers • Ability to work independently or as a member of a team • Superior organization skills with the ability to multitask and prioritize to meet company deadlines and work in a high paced environment • Ability to develop and implement tax strategies to meet changing requirements and tax laws • Experienced in numerous types of computer software including spreadsheets and word processing programs; proficient in report writing and database operation • Knowledge in researching and documenting tax transactions and proper recording methods • Experienced in representing clients with the IRS and state governments during audits • Experienced with multiple computer software and tax applications • Trained in LEAN and Kaizen See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Mesa Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location Mesa, AZ Responsible for the management of federal, excise and, property and tax transactions; prepared tax accruals and reconciled balanced sheets; reviewed tax laws for changes and implemented changes for compliance; monitored monthly tax calendar and scheduled filing for states and local returns for multiple divisions in several states; maintained fixed assets incorporating FAS systems; performed fixed asset tax depreciation calculations; renewal of business licenses for all divisions in multiple states; maintained tax records for the creation of new entities, the dissolution of entities and liquidations; responded to research requests and participated in audit meetings.Responsible for the preparation of corporate, partnership returns and fiduciary tax returns; supervised staff; trained junior staff members in tax preparation; gathered and analyzed tax data; researched tax and sales use; processed US Sales and US Use tax quarterly; performed Sales and Use Tax audits; reviewed control procedures; participate in financial projections and business valuations; participated in audit functions; assisted in the allocation of company assets and investment planning; reconciliation of sales tax payable accounts and rollover accounts of fixed assets; prepared and filed property tax returns; prepared amended returns; provided consultation in regards to employee benefits Education University of South Mesa Degree Name Master’s Degree in Business and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions David has a account David Wayne Owner at David Wayne - Tax Accountant My-Online-Tax-Accountant.com Golden Gate University Canon City, Colorado 67 67 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent NASD Series 7 California Department of Real Estate Sponsoring Broker California Department of Licensing - Taxation Colorado Department of Real Estate Sponsoring Broker Highlights Experience Owner Company Name My-Online-Tax-Accountant.com Dates Employed Jan 1974 – Present Employment Duration 43 yrs 6 mos We provide accounting and tax preparation services in the Cañon City office serving Penrose, Florence, and all of Fremont County. And for clients who live outside the area we will utilize advanced technologies to support a real-time data-sharing delivery model and therefore allow us to provide the ultimate convenience for our clients. Education Golden Gate University Field Of Study Accounting, Taxation, Real Estate, Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 California State University-Hayward - School of Business and Economics Field Of Study Accounting, Taxation, Real Estate, Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 5 endorsements for Accounting 5 Accounting Terri Dryden and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 4 endorsements for Customer Service 4 Customer Service Toni Sanders and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax James Payne and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests California State University-Hayward - School of Business and Economics 7,963 followers California State University-Hayward - School of Business and Economics 8,102 followers Golden Gate University 42,406 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers
More Actions David has a account David Brennan CPA, MBA VP of Finance at Accord Healthcare ► Pharma Finance Leader ✦ Driving Growth, Stability & Operational Control ✦ CPA & MBA Accord Healthcare Thunderbird School of Global Management Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail ★ Leading & Managing Change in Commercial, R&D, Manufacturing Finance Operations ★ ► I build and lead strong, positive teams in global life sciences organizations, and drive strategic financial planning in established and growth-stage environments. ► Fueled by over 20 years in progressively more senior-level roles, I bring a powerful combination of vision, insight, and process to financial operations, resulting in improved transparency, stronger controls, and clarity around opportunities and roadblocks. SUMMARY ✔︎ My success is driven by a hands-on, collaborative approach, and a commitment to the teams that I serve that extends beyond monthly meetings. ✔︎ By creating partnerships and trust across functional areas, I add value to the bottom line, focusing leaders and front-line teams around the metrics and opportunities that truly impact the business. MILESTONES ★ As Business Line Controller at Celanese, led Six Sigma exercises to improve working capital, and completed high-potential leadership development. ★ Produced global consolidated financials for as Division Accounting Manager for Asia Pacific and LATAM business units at CR Bard. ★ Advanced through the finance organization for Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals, assuming ownership and accountability for tax, business finance, and manufacturing accounting for generic, brand and OTC divisions. ★ Currently leading US Finance for Accord Healthcare, a mid-stage, global generics-focused firm, with a robust portfolio in growth-oriented therapies and over 5,500 product approvals. Reach out through this profile or dbrennan1972@yahoo.com ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲ Executive Qualifications Include: Business/Finance Transformation ✔︎ Strategic Finance Planning ✔︎ Commercial & Operations Finance ✔︎ Supply Chain & Global Manufacturing ✔︎ Gross-to-Net Accounting ✔︎ Financial Infrastructure ✔︎ US GAAP, UGAAP & IRFS Consolidated Reporting ✔︎ Leadership & Talent Development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Finance Company Name Accord Healthcare Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area ► Directing a high-performing finance team in design and optimization of financial models, structures, and planning strategies. ► Chartered to create a focus on infrastructure that will provide a foundation for growth and opportunity, critical to next-stage plans. ► Lead and develop a team that spans tax, finance, and accounting, and partner with executive management on transformation initiatives.☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About Accord Healthcare: Fast-growth generic pharmaceutical corporation with 130 products marketed in North America, Europe, South America, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, MENA and Asia Pacific. Head of Finance Company Name Ranbaxy Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Led a staff of 22 and all financial accounting practices. Guided budget processes for Generic, Brand, OTC and Manufacturing, and partnered with commercial leadership to influence strategic business decisions through actionable insight.► Managed processes, governance and standards for transfer pricing adjustments, overseeing the entire initiative to ensure pricing and profitability alignment for global manufacturing. ► Developed three high potential leaders into key positions. Provided stretch goals, decisive leadership, and ongoing mentorship.► Achieved full integration of acquisition targets within aggressive timelines, partnering with global cross-functional teams on people, process, and systems integration in an SAP ERP environment. ► Promoted a holistic view within the product/R&D organizations. Developed robust models that integrated market erosion, sales force effectiveness, and supply chain concerns into the commercialization strategy. ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About RANBAXY (acquired by Sun Pharma in 2015): Global generics leader with 45 manufacturing sites producing 2000 indications that improve quality of life across multiple disease states in 150 markets. Controller Company Name Ranbaxy Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Accounting and reporting for the $1B entity. Managed the budgeting process for $85M in SGA expense. Consolidated reporting into USGAAP, IGAAP and IFRS and provided stability and process to US accounting operations during a period of rapid growth. ► Achieved $2M in actualized savings within the first full year of hire, as well as a 64-day/70% reduction in year-end reporting, via business process re-engineering and end-to-end analysis. ► Built trust and consensus among business leaders in the US and India, and developed strategic partnerships with manufacturing and commercial stakeholders. ☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About RANBAXY (acquired by Sun Pharma in 2015): Global generics leader with 45 manufacturing sites producing 2000 indications that improve quality of life across multiple disease states in 150 markets. Senior Manager, Global Revenue Company Name Celgene Dates Employed May 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area ► Domestic accounting and global reporting. Managed international revenue accounting, analysis, forecasting and reporting for a $3B international entity.► Streamlined and automated gross-to-net and fixed asset reporting, harmonizing cross-functional teams to reduce close processes by 1 day in the first 3 months.► Initiated due diligence that uncovered significant over-accruals within the first quarter on the team.☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About CELGENE:Global Biopharmaceutical corporation, publicly traded (NASDAQ: CELG), over $9.3M annual revenue (2015). Division Accounting Manager Company Name CR Bard Dates Employed Oct 2005 – May 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Division Accounting Manager (9/2007 – 5/2009)► Led global financial consolidated accounting and management reporting for $57M international entity, focused on Asia Pacific and South America.► Helmed AR, credit and collections for six high-risk countries; concurrently handled AP for the division’s largest legal entity. ► Initiated global operational reviews with 5 business units worldwide; unified business, finance and manufacturing leaders around process gaps and opportunities.Prior Roles:✔︎ Plant Accounting Manager, Nogales, MX (4/2007 – 9/2007)✔︎ Internal Audit Manager, Murray Hill, NJ (10/2005 – 4/2007)☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲About CR BARD:Multinational medical device manufacturer focused on advancing lives and healthcare delivery through device innovation. Publicly traded (NYSE: BCR); over 14,900 employees and 3.4M in net sales (2015). See more positions Education Thunderbird School of Global Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 GPA: 3.67 / 4.00 Alfred University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Pacioli Society Delta Mu Delta Cum Laude Graduate Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 42 endorsements for Accounting 42 Accounting Endorsed by Karl Hazen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of David’s colleagues at Ranbaxy Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 28 endorsements for Financial Analysis 28 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Karl Hazen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of David’s colleagues at Ranbaxy Click and drag to reorder skills US GAAP See 26 endorsements for US GAAP 26 US GAAP Rajesh Kumar Arora and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Jagannathan Tuppil Head Finance - North & Latin America (Manufacturing) April 6, 2017, Jagannathan worked with David in the same group I worked with Jagan for 6 years while at Ranbaxy and can attest to his technical skill, operational awareness, and project management ability. He is a high caliber colleague that meets and or exceeds expectation on a routine basis while building trusted relationships within the organization. I highly recommend Jagan and genuinely feel he adds value on a daily basis. Jane Edwards Sr. Accounts Receivable Manager August 17, 2016, David managed Jane directly With pleasure I write this letter of recommendation for Jane Edwards. Jane held the Senior Accounts Receivable Manager position for Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals, Ranbaxy Laboratories, and OHM Laboratories since March of 2007. She very effectively managed a portfolio valued at over $225 million, resulting in a DSO consistently much less than the industry average. Jane’s strong attention to detail, focus of analytics and documentation, as well as the effective management of her team, led to a company A/R collections record of $1 billion dollars in 2012. She is very dedicated employee going above and beyond the normal course of business to ensure that deadlines are achieved while maintaining the highest quality levels. She has been a key success factor to our organization, developing strong processes, leading by example to set and maintain integrity, and utilizing her strong interpersonal skills with Senior Management to influence how business is conducted. In addition, her ability to effectively work independently and as a team member, and her strong communications skills, have resulted in minimizing my travel needs to the Jacksonville operations center.Jane’s success, professionalism, perseverance, and adaptability to our ever changing environment, as well as her camaraderie, all are factors that make her a great team member and valued employee.I would welcome the opportunity to work with her again.Sincerely,David BrennanVP Finance - Accord Healthcare, Inc. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Banner Life Sciences 457 followers Controller's Group, Inc. 13,225 followers IFRS - North America 938 members Biogen 128,844 followers Amneal Pharmaceuticals 15,953 followers Genentech 227,152 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Gillard Principal of Nettax pty Ltd Nettax Pty Ltd University of Western Sydney Bundaberg East, Queensland, Australia 54 54 connections Send InMail With over 15 years TAX RETURN preparation and lodgment experience, you can put your mind at ease and let us take the guess work out of your TAX obligations. It could be a PERSONAL TAX RETURN with no other income besides your wages or interest earnings. It could be a more complicated one due to the fact you run a small HOME BUSINESS and/or you are a SOLE TRADER and/or you have a RENTAL PROPERTY or you need a PARTNERSHIP TAX RETURN done. Even CAPITAL GAINS TAX RETURNS can be done when and if you sell your RENTAL PROPERTY or investment of shares. If you have PRIOR YEARS’ TAX RETURNS, dating back as far as 2001, these LATE TAX RETURNS can be prepared and lodged with ease to bring you up-to-date with all you TAXATION obligations. We also offer AMENDED TAX RETURNS of PRIOR YEARS’ if necessary. Don’t need to lodge a TAX RETURN for this year or PRIOR YEARS, no problem, we can lodge an ATO NON-LODGEMENT ADVICE form on your behalf. If you have a small to medium size company, we can also accommodate you. Full FINANCAL STATEMENTS, COMPANY TAX RETURNS and FRINGE BENEFITS TAX RETURNS can all be done under the one roof. No matter what TAX RETURN you need completing, we can do it. Yes, even TRUST returns and SELF MANAGED SUPER FUNDS. No TAX RETURN is too small or too complicated See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Nettax Pty Ltd Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Bundaberg, Australia I have recently re-structured my business and I am now trading under Nettax Pty Ltd. Accountant and Registered Tax agent Company Name K G Gillard Business Services Dates Employed Jan 2002 – May 2017 Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Location Kalkie QLD Education University of Western Sydney Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Paolini Luciano and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 3 endorsements for Small Business 3 Small Business Paolini Luciano and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 3 endorsements for Corporate Tax 3 Corporate Tax Paolini Luciano and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Karen has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA Bachelor of ecomonics majoring in accounting Registered Tax Agent Interests Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members Western Sydney University 81,604 followers Bookkeepers & Accountants 'Work From Home' - QuickBooks Cloud Accounting CPAs Bookkeepers 15,991 members The Institute of Certified Bookkeepers (Australia) 6,627 members Marillyn HewsonMarillyn Hewson is a LinkedIn Influencer Lockheed Martin, Chairman, President and CEO 315,966 followers Western Sydney University 88,513 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Kelly, CPA President at US Tax Service US Tax Service University of Iowa Dubuque, Iowa Area 110 110 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name US Tax Service Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Education University of Iowa Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Budgets See 6 endorsements for Budgets 6 Budgets Robin McEnany and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cash Flow See 5 endorsements for Cash Flow 5 Cash Flow Sean McCauley and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 4 endorsements for Payroll 4 Payroll Sean McCauley and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Iowa 157,290 followers University of Pennsylvania 224,435 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members University of Pennsylvania 205,845 followers Theta Xi Fraternity 6,034 members Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Paulsen, CPA Chief Financial Officer at Natural Amercian Foods, Inc. Natural Amercian Foods, Inc. Central Michigan University Greater Detroit Area 242 242 connections Send InMail Seasoned leader with a proven ability to partner effectively with senior executives to grow companies and drive shareholder value. A results-proven executive with excellent advisory, technical finance/accounting and communication skills. Recognized by colleagues as being perceptive and having the ability to professionally handle the dynamics of a rapidly changing environment. Excel with change, ambiguity and stress. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Natural Amercian Foods, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, & Secretary Company Name ADCO Global, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 1997 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 16 yrs 10 mos Location Michigan Center, MI CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, TREASURER, & SECRETARY (2006-2014)OPERATING BOARD MEMBER, CORPORATE CONTROLLER, & VICE PRESIDENT OF FINANCE (1997-2006)Employed in senior management roles with increasing responsibilities in 17 years of employment. Primary areas of responsibility included managing all accounting functions, legal, purchasing, customer service, financial planning, external and internal reporting, tax planning, budgeting, external audit coordination and financial analysis. Gave leadership direction to a staff of 25 reports. Part of the management team that made company-wide strategic and operation decisions. Prepared and presented annual financial plans to the Board of Directors and Private Equity Owners. Presented quarterly business updates to the Board. Corporate Controller Company Name Applied Intelligent Systems, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Apr 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Managed the day-to-day accounting functions, planning/forecasting, financial reporting, tax planning, bank relations, risk management and audit coordination. Gave leadership direction to a professional staff of 4. Part of the management team that made company-wide operating decisions. Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 1988 – Aug 1994 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Toledo, OH Manager (1994), Senior & Staff (1988-1993) Obtained a thorough understanding/strong knowledge of a wide variety of business environments, generally accepted accounting principles and SEC rules by providing audit services to companies ranging in revenues from $5M to $5.5B in different industries (manufacturing, financial services, utility, construction and others).Prepared client financial statements meeting the disclosure requirements of generally accepted accounting principles. Assessed the adequacy/efficiency of internal control systems, and recommended procedures that improved financial accuracy and operating cost-effectiveness. Drafted multiple internal control/general business recommendation memorandums. Prepared and reviewed different SEC filings - 10-Qs, 10-Ks and S-3s. Education Central Michigan University Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (with honors)Majors in Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 19 endorsements for Financial Reporting 19 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Bob Gold, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 17 endorsements for Management 17 Management Bryan Riggs, CPA and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 15 endorsements for Financial Analysis 15 Financial Analysis Norm Bristow and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Don Redding Management Consulting for stage 1 or 2 high tech companies June 11, 2014, Don worked with Peter in different groups In over twenty years in senior management, Pete was one of the few accounting professionals that understood that the goal of a company is to create profitable new business and that accounting's role is to partner with sales to figure out effective and financially responsible ways to accomplish those goals. Anyone needing a great leader and team player should hire Pete immediately.. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,695 members Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,725 members Robert Half - Financial Services Group 1,437 followers Business Control | FP&A | Management Accounting | Finance Partner | Forecasting | Budgeting | CIMA 222,866 members Super CFO : Finance, Accounting, Tax, IFRS, Startup, PE, CEO, CA, CPA, CS, Networking, Professionals 95,663 members The Modern Finance Forum for the CFO, FD, Controller, finance and accounting function, (FSN) 55,667 members
More Actions John has a account John Tan, CPA Adams and Miles LLP Adams and Miles LLP York University - Schulich School of Business Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail John is a certified public accountant in good standing since June 2015, specializing in real estate and strategic management. Please feel free to see his detailed bio at www.johntan8.info He can be reached via e-mail at johntan007@gmail.com and looks forward to connecting with you. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Auditor Company Name Adams and Miles LLP Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Condominium group Media (1) This position has 1 media Merger announcement Merger announcement This media is a document Owner Company Name Sand Hill Square Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area • Knowledge of technology trends in order to develop solutions to end-users in their operations• Proactively responding to user's needs to optimize their experience• Web design and hosting arrangements Senior Accountant Company Name Parker, Garber & Chesney LLP Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Richmond Hill, Canada Area • Real estate audit and tax (residential, commercial and industrial properties)• Attendance at Annual General Meetings of condominium corporations• Notice to Reader for owner managed businesses• Provide timely deliverables that meet firm’s quality standards Media (1) This position has 1 media Home | Parker, Garber & Chesney Home | Parker, Garber & Chesney This media is a link Tax Services and Support Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Mississauga, Canada Area • Provided support to accountants and tax professionals on personal and corporate tax returns • Prepared customer log files for further analysis of software issues by management and product development team• Spotlight award recognition on great client experience Manager Company Name McDonald's Restaurants of Canada Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area • Coordinated quarterly Health and Safety meetings• Controlled waste, labour, cash and yields throughout shift• Supervised up to 12 employees to ensure flawless store operations• Supported national and local initiatives • Maintained professional restaurant image through close monitoring of the Quality, Service, Cleanliness and Value during each shift See more positions Education York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Real Estate and Strategic Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Schulich Real Property Student Association - 8 month consulting project with a group of 6 students (various backgrounds and work experiences) providing strategic recommendation to an insurance broker under the supervision of 3 academic advisors Media (1) This position has 1 media Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration This media is a document Ryerson University Degree Name Finance and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name Honours Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: York University Finance and Investment Club (IT Director), SIFE (Enactus), Schulich Ambassador, and Accounting Society See more education Volunteer Experience Secretary / Treasurer / Director Company Name Condominium Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 2 mos Cause Social Services • Interpret and review monthly financial statements• Work closely with property management company and board members to arrive at sound operational and financial decisions Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Ansh Gupta, CPA, CMA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 11 endorsements for Finance 11 Finance Endorsed by Meer Tauhid Husain, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin John has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations AICPA NYSSCPA John has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario: Ontario's CAs Announce "Rule the Tube" Winners Rule the Tube Finalist John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Intuit 137,082 followers Mitchell & Titus, LLP 1,647 followers PKF Consulting Inc. 821 followers Schulich School of Business (YorkU) Alumni 5,014 members NEW YORK CITY JOBS & CAREERS NETWORK 79,351 members ACCOUNTING JOBS - NEW YORK - NYC 1,774 members See all See all following
More Actions Julie has a account Julie Do, CPA Senior Tax Analyst at Amazon Amazon Golden Gate University Seattle, Washington 244 244 connections Send InMail ** Well-rounded CPA with broad-based experience in public accounting with a focus on high net worth individuals. ** Experience in private industry accounting managing month end close process, cash management, bank reconciliations, cash flow planning, and payroll processes. ** Wide-ranging experience working with multiple CPA firms, from large international firms to regional and local based firms. ** Extensive knowledge of both preparing and reviewing a variety of tax returns including partnership, LLC, S corporation, C corporation, individual, trust, estate and gift tax returns. ** Strong knowledge of GAAP, accounting policies, and internal controls. ** Experience working with numerous high net worth individuals in meeting their financial reporting and tax compliance needs, from preparing their business tax returns to their individual tax returns, as well as providing tax planning and tax consulting. ** Management experience in overseeing small teams and training and mentoring staff. ** Very organized and detail oriented with a strong attention to detail and time management skills in meeting tight deadlines. ** Adept in working with electronic workpapers and binders in paperless environments. ** Proficient in a number of software programs including: Prosystem fx Tax, Prosystem fx Engagement, Prosystem fx Planning, BNA Fixed Assets, BNA Income Tax Planner, Quicbooks, Microsoft Dynamics, Office, Excel and Adobe electronic tools and tickmarks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Amazon Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Seattle Financial Accounting Manager Company Name Columbia Pacific Management Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Managed and supervised the accounting team consisting of 4-5 staff for a high net worth family office. Oversaw the month end close process of financials for each of the family members and their entities. Tracked all cash movements and reconciliations. Reviewed bank reconciliations and general ledger accounting for all entities. Analyzed monthly financial statements and cash flow projections. Evaluated cash flow planning including borrowing on lines of credit and maintaining compliance with debt covenants. Prepared investment summaries and fair value financial statements of investments. Created tax workpapers, projections and tax planning. Initiated and delegated team projects as needed. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name AMP Services, LLC Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Prepared a variety of tax returns including partnership/LLC, S corporation, C corporation, individual and trust returns. Worked closely with business owners to learn client operations, processes and business objectives. Participated in client meetings and tax planning efforts. Was responsible for the efficient, accurate, and timely preparation of all clients' tax returns, including federal, state, local and payroll tax returns. Held responsibility for the review of complex tax returns and the delegation to other preparers, including managing a team of 3-4 staff each month to complete all B&O tax returns and quarterly payroll tax returns. Worked with the accounting group to provide support on tax related matters and general ledger work. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Bancroft Buckley Johnston and Serres, LLP Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Prepared and reviewed individual, partnership, corporation, trust, estate and gift tax returns. Prepared quarterly and annual compilations and reviews. Ensured foreign tax compliance. Performed research, tax planning, estimates and year-end projections. Tax Staff Accountant Company Name Moss Adams LLP Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Prepared and reviewed individual, partnership, S Corp, trust and gift tax returns, with a focus on high net worth individuals. Acquired extensive experience preparing complex individual returns involving hedge funds and calculation of passive/non-passive allocations. Supervised and reviewed returns prepared by tax staff and interns. See more positions Education Golden Gate University University of Washington Degree Name Master's in Professional Accounting Field Of Study Audit Graduated in Top 5% of Class University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Business Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity, Beta Alpha Psi, Junior Achievement, Golden Key International Honour Society, National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Phi Eta Sigma Freshman Honor Society Graduated with Distinction – Business Honors Program Volunteer Experience Event Coordinator Company Name Helping Link Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Julie’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 5 endorsements for Auditing 5 Auditing J. Nick Scott and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 5 endorsements for CPA 5 CPA Endorsed by 2 of Julie’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Julia Poloai Regional Human Resources Generalist at USI Insurance Services October 29, 2015, Julie was a client of Julia’s I've had the pleasure of being an active participant in many of Julia's group fitness classes over the years, including Zumba and Turbo Kick. Julia is a top-knotch group fitness instructor with over a decade of experience in the space. Her high level of energy and enthusiasm are unmatched. She really understands how to read people, how to engage them, and how to motivate them to achieve their best. She is not only a good teacher but a good leader. She inspires a following wherever she goes with regulars who would show up to her classes, no matter where where she is teaching, simply because they want to learn from her and only her. While some instructors just go through the motions of following a choreographed routine, Julia actively interacts with her crowd, taking note of those who are picking things up and those who may be struggling and adjusts her routine accordingly to speed up or slow down as necessary. This goes back to her ability to really perceive and read people. She truly understands how to give them the extra push to reach their true potential. Accomplishments Julie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,484 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Amazon 2,282,710 followers University of Washington 381,621 followers Golden Gate University 42,406 followers University of Washington 358,106 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marc has a account Marc Poulin, CPA Owner, Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA University of Southern Maine - School of Business Portland, Maine Area 315 315 connections Send InMail Prior to establishing Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA in 1997, Marc Poulin spent many years in the small business arena. Clients benefit from Marc’s multi-faceted background which includes Real Estate at the CFO level and design of complex business structures in addition to public accounting with a Big Six CPA Firm. Marc is often called upon as an Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor as well. He has been a CPA since 1983 and a member of the Intuit Accountant and Advisor Customer Council. Marc’s strength is his common sense approach. The business advice and financial wisdom offered by Marc and his team at Poulin Financial Service is based on years of experience and the real world application of those experiences. Professional Credentials • CPA (Certified Public Accountant) • Accountant • Bookkeeper • Tax Preparer • Educator/Trainer See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA Dates Employed 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs Location 171 Warren Ave., Portland, ME PFS is a full-service accounting firm offering a complete complement of year-round accounting, tax and consulting services. Helping clients with planning and providing experienced advice continues to be a priority for the entire PFS team. Past Member Company Name Intuit Advisory Council Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Southern Maine - School of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 36 endorsements for Small Business 36 Small Business Endorsed by Bruce Wildes, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 35 endorsements for QuickBooks 35 QuickBooks Endorsed by Sharon Vetsch and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Marc’s colleagues at Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 22 endorsements for Tax Preparation 22 Tax Preparation Kelly Wels and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Melissa Pritchard Creative Services Supervisor at MaineToday Media October 26, 2013, Melissa was a client of Marc’s Marc has prepared my taxes for at least a decade. He is highly skilled, detail-oriented, efficient and I trust his integrity 100%. He is warm and personable, somehow making tax prep meetings actually FUN. He explains complex ideas in a manner I can understand and I consider him to be one of my most trusted advisors. Mark J Maroon 207-615-2222 Branch Manager at Primary Residential Mortgage NMLS #6642, PRMI NMLS# 3094 May 9, 2012, Mark J worked with Marc but at different companies We have worked together in business and non-profit environments. Every transaction I have experienced has been handled professionally; with competence, passion and integrity. I would highly recommend that you do business with this person. Kelly Wels Author. Entrepreneur. March 13, 2011, Kelly was a client of Marc’s I have known Kelly for many years. She is an astute business person. She has shown the utmost integrity in all her dealings and is a pleasure with whom to work. I highly recommend Kelly if you are seeking her services. - Marc M. Poulin, CPA Rebecca Erickson Tax Manager at EY January 14, 2010, Marc managed Rebecca directly Rebecca is very thorough in her work and strives for the best answer for her clients. She has a good understanding of tax law and its nuances. I would have her work with me again anytime and highly recommend her to anyone that can use her talent. She is also a very pleasant person with good common sense as well as business savy. Accomplishments Marc has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Quickbooks ProAdvisor Certified Public Accountant Interests Intuit Accountants Group for Accounting and Tax Professionals 9,284 members Intuit 137,082 followers University of Southern Maine - School of Business 5,553 followers University of Southern Maine - School of Business 5,552 followers Poulin Financial Services, LLC, PA 14 followers
More Actions Gabriel has a account Gabriel Velez, EA Tax Partner at SRH Financial Consultants SRH Financial Consultants UCLA Extension Irvine, California 483 483 connections Send InMail My objective is provide clients with the tools necessary to stay compliant and grow their wealth. Highlights Follow Follow Gabriel’s Activity 482 followers BNI-Calling All Attorneys Gabriel liked See all activity Experience Tax Partner Company Name SRH Financial Consultants Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Irvine, CA Responsibilities include: managing client relationships and ensuring their satisfaction. Managing internal operations. Researching and interpreting complex tax law. Advising clients on tax compliance and ways to improve their business.Gabe is an Enrolled Agent, fully licensed to represent clients before government tax bodies, including the Internal Revenue Service, CA Franchise Tax Board, and CA Board of Equalization.He possesses extensive knowledge in tax planning and preparation for individuals, corporations, and partnerships; including: multi-state businesses, mergers, acquisitions, and reorganizations.Aside from tax work, Gabe has aided clients with their business consulting, ERP and accounting software integration/implementation, and establishment of proper internal controls needs and SOX compliance.Mr. Velez works with a diverse clientele in a variety of industries, such as medical/dental professionals, real estate holdings and investments, and manufacturing. Senior Accountant Company Name SRH Financial Consultants Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location United States I currently manage most of our corporate client's accounting records and provide accounting and tax assistance to said clients and the partners of the firm. I also provide assistance with all forms of tax compliance including payroll, sales tax, property tax, and income tax.I prepare documents necessary for entity formation whether it be a LLC or Corporation. These documents include, but are not limited to: Articles of Incorporation/Organization, Bylaws, Minutes, Statement of Information, and form 2553. VP of Operations Company Name Orglow, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Orange County, California Area Customer Service Rep Company Name SunOpta Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Buena Park, CA Cash Service Rep Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Los Angeles, CA Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation & Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 University of California, Irvine Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Business Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Studied: Business. Economic theories and principles. Statistical modeling and interpretation. St. John Bosco Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Football, wrestling, track & field Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 47 endorsements for Accounting 47 Accounting Endorsed by Penny Breslin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gabriel’s colleagues at SRH Financial Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 36 endorsements for Tax 36 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at SRH Financial Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 28 endorsements for Payroll 28 Payroll Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at SRH Financial Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriel has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent Life, Accident, and Health Agent Gabriel has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Gabriel has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization BNI Rock Solid Referral Group Interests SRH Financial Consultants 68 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,001 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,372 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,431,746 followers CNNMoney 1,147,874 followers Wolters Kluwer, TAA North America US Small Firms 2,398 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anthony has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Anthony DeStefano, CPA NONPROFITS, GRANTS, US, NJ, PA GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING, FAR, DFARS, DCAA AND PROPOSALS A&T Consultants, LLC Rowan University Somerdale, New Jersey 500+ 500+ connections InMail I am currently a consultant helping large, medium and small business owners get started and win business with commercial entities and individuals, and the federal and state governments. I also help nonprofits win grants with the US Government and private foundations and I have complete lists of grants available in these areas. I am familiar with all aspects of the CAS, FAR, DFARS, DGARS and DoDGARs, the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996, OMB Circular A-133 and A-102 and OMB Guidance related to grants, and cooperative agreements for nonprofits. I am familiar with PA and NJ state procurement codes. I can work with every state if you wish. I am a complete business development expert with extensive knowledge of the FAR and DFARS related to bids and proposals and contract administration so you can keep the contracts you win. I have negotiated millions of dollars in new contracts for clients and employers and developed innovative proposal strategies that have resulted in millions of dollars in contracts. I developed the use of uncompensated overtime to win competitive contracts. I have also prepared and negotiated Change Order Proposals, Termination Settlement Proposals and Claims. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Anthony’s Articles & Activity 726 followers FOP Chapter Under Fire by IRS Anthony DeStefano, CPA on LinkedIn See 2 more articles #nonprofits, #ubti, #IRS, #F&A, #2 CFR 200 Anthony shared this Any suggestions? I have an incumbent client rebidding the sole source set aside work they currently are doing at the exact same price without escalation for exact same scope. Contracting Officers is doing a part 15 negotiated procurement (it was part 12 previously) and is insisting on do cost analysis even though the Firm Fixed Price contract is not subject to Progress Payments, Performance Based Payments, or TINA Cert and is not a fixed price incentive contract. Client is a very small business and has never developed indirect rates. KO wants full indirects in support of bid and won't accept the wrap rate (labor multiplier) and market analysis support which they apparently used to form the original bid and from my review looks adequate to substantiate price reasonableness. I can't find a reason why cost analysis HAS to be conducted when the work was accepted on a part 12 basis previously, has already been deemed reasonable, is FFP, and rates are about 60% lower than GSA rates for same LCATs. Thoughts? Anthony commented Here's how America's Amtrak compares to China's bullet trains Anthony commented See all activity Experience Managing Member Company Name A&T Consultants, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 5 mos Location Somerdale, NJ • Assisted clients in the design and audit of accounting systems* Prepared and supported grant applications. Identified grants.* Knowledge and up-to-date on GAAP• Prepared, supported and negotiated US Government bids and proposals• Experience in the preparation of Changes, Claims and TerminationSettlement Proposals• Assisted clients in compliance with CAS and CAS Disclosure Statements• Assisted attorney in converting T for D to T for C• Worked with 2 CFR 200 – Grants and Agreements• Prepared financial statements under GAAP, Cash Basis and other OCBOA• Prepared individual taxes on 1040s for US and NJ• Experience with QuickBooks Pro, Premier, Enterprise and Pro-Series Tax S/W• Closed books monthly, quarterly and yearly • Prepared Incurred Cost (ICE) Submissions to DCAA • Acted as Government Property Manager under FAR Part 45 and DFARS 245• Negotiated prevailing wage fine with State of New Jersey from $300,000 down to $100,000.• Prepared 1023s for nonprofit wrestling team and educational firm• Reviewed teaming agreements and subcontract agreements• Prepared and supported forecasts for Provisional Billing Rates (PBRs)• Set up clients on SAM/ORCA systems• Performed due diligence in government contract accounting• Performed Business Valuations for several companies• Knowledge of NJ and PA procurement regs* Expertise in Excel 2016, including vlookup, Pivot Tables, spinner buttons, etc.* Expertise in PowerPoint 2016* Prepared nonprofit tax returns on 990s and 990Ts* Study Executive Orders are released* Study ASBCA cases as released* Substantial expertise in FAR, DFARS and PGI* Reading and complying with U.S. Government IRBs, RFQs and RFPs* Experience with Single Audit Act and OMB A-133* Full charge bookkeeping and accounting* Good relationship with DCAA and knowledge of DCAM and audit programs Education Rowan University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.5 GPA out of 4.0 Scale Activities and Societies: Ran marathons for Amateur Athletic Union. Accounting, Finance, Management, Statistics, Liberal Arts, U.S. History, Computer Science Camden County College Degree Name AS Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.44 out of possible 4.0 Activities and Societies: Reporter for school newspaper, Common Sense. Tutored other students on Accounting matters especially foreign students from Africa. Accounting, English Composition, Economics, Mathematics, Finance, Reporter for School Newspaper, Tutored other Students, Sociology, Psychology, etc. Volunteer Experience Volunteer, Board Member. Elected Board Member Company Name Many Dates volunteered Jan 2017 – Jan 2017 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services • Served on Board of Director of Citizens Against Spousal Abuse (CASA) in Maryland• Elected by Council to Serve on the Community Services Board in Arlington, VA specializing in serving autistic children• Appointed by MD State Senator, Tom Yeager, to chair on BWI Expansion Steering Committee• Played guitar and sang in churches all over east coast• Chairman of Allowable Cost Committee of the NDIA• Respond to Exposure Drafts for Accounting Standard Updates issued by FASB• Respond to Proposed and Interim rules issued by the FAR and DAR Councils* Tutored other students on accounting in college* Tutored students from Africa to prevent deportation* Reporter for Common Sense newspaper at Camden County College Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 11 endorsements for QuickBooks 11 QuickBooks Mark LoPresti and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Mark LoPresti and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Mark LoPresti and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anthony has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations NDIA Professional Services Counsel AICPA Not-for-Profit Section American Institute of CPAs Anthony has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Preaward Accounting System Surveys Course Manuals on CAS, FAR Part 31, and Gvt. Contract Overview Accounting for U.S. Defense Contracts Anthony has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores CPA Examination Certified Federal Contract Manager Anthony has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Anthony has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Many private courses, seminars and webinars Anthony has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Graduated with Honors Anthony has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Kane Partners LLC 4,626 followers Cindy FornelliCindy Fornelli is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Center for Audit Quality 380,607 followers Rowan University 53,718 followers Accounting Today | Discussion Group 20,407 members LinkedIn 2,169,182 followers Centeva 273 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Potter, CPA Hedge Accounting Manager at HedgeStar HedgeStar University of St. Thomas - Opus College of Business Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Corporate, partnership, and individual tax consulting Like-kind exchanges Global tax planning Documentation and risk management Highlights Follow Follow Tim’s Activity 546 followers Why aren't more plastics consumers embracing hedging? - Commodity Price Risk Tim liked If you are a Controller or Finance Director with a non-profit background and may be open to something new please let me know. I have a client that I am working with exclusively that has a wonderful mission, excellent benefits, and has 1/2 days on Friday! Please contact me to learn more. Tim liked Summer Fridays Are All the Rage This Year Tim liked Why aren’t more plastics consumers embracing hedging? Tim liked America's Best Entrepreneurial Governor Tim liked Hedging may get easier under new FASB accounting standard - Journal of Accountancy Tim liked See all activity Experience Hedge Accounting Manager Company Name HedgeStar Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Founded in 2004, HedgeStar (formerly DerivActiv) delivers timely and accurate valuation and hedge accounting services, with a focus on providing transparency for financial reporting and performance optimization. We are experts in ASC 815, ASC 820, GASB 53, IFRS 9, CICA 3865, AASB 139, CPC 38, HKFRS 9, and AS 30 accounting standards and service delivery. Our global clients include public and private corporations, financial entities, commercial real estate trusts, hedge funds, accounting firms, law firms, healthcare organizations, educational institutions, and governmental entities. Senior Hedge Accountant Company Name HedgeStar Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Founded in 2004, HedgeStar (formerly DerivActiv) delivers timely and accurate valuation and hedge accounting services, with a focus on providing transparency for financial reporting and performance optimization. We are experts in ASC 815, ASC 820, GASB 53, IFRS 9, CICA 3865, AASB 139, CPC 38, HKFRS 9, and AS 30 accounting standards and service delivery. Our global clients include public and private corporations, financial entities, commercial real estate trusts, hedge funds, accounting firms, law firms, healthcare organizations, educational institutions, and governmental entities. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Pine River Capital Management Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Tax compliance for various investment funds - Develop allocation schedules to account for monthly changes in ownership - Track US and foreign source income per partner - Reconcile tax capital for funds not electing mark-to-market treatment - Coordinate year-end trading activity to promote tax efficiencyASC 740 / FIN 48 - Track fund income source by jurisdiction throughout the year to promote tax efficiency and reduce risk - Calculate/review tax-related accounting reserves - Track inside/outside tax basis of various participants in SPV structures Tax Senior Company Name TCF Bank Dates Employed May 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Tax provision/compliance prep and review - Review work of staff and peers - Multi-state apportionment research and planning - Account for tax impact of re-stated historical financial statements due to accounting policy change - Coordinate review and filing of tax return with accounting firm - ASC 740 / FIN 48 reserve analysis and calculation Senior Associate Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Jul 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Tax compliance and planning - C Corp, S Corp, Partnership, Trust, Estate, Individual - Multi-state and international tax compliance and planning - ASC740 / FIN48 - Tax provision prep and review - Engagement planning, budgeting, and client billingLocal office representative for electronic documentation initiative Education University of St. Thomas - Opus College of Business Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 University of Jamestown Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting, Business Administration - Financial Planning Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Men's basketball VITA Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Jennifer Winebarger and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at HedgeStar Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 19 endorsements for Income Tax 19 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at Pine River Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at Pine River Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tim has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests ALLETE 1,628 followers Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,412,834 followers Stephan Piscano's European Real Estate Finance & Investment 22,016 members University of St. Thomas - Opus College of Business 15,547 followers MDU Resources Group, Inc. 1,799 followers The Daily Sales 102,975 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriel has a account Gabriel Velez, EA Tax Partner at SRH Financial Consultants SRH Financial Consultants UCLA Extension Irvine, California 483 483 connections Send InMail My objective is provide clients with the tools necessary to stay compliant and grow their wealth. Highlights Follow Follow Gabriel’s Activity 482 followers BNI-Calling All Attorneys Gabriel liked See all activity Experience Tax Partner Company Name SRH Financial Consultants Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Irvine, CA Responsibilities include: managing client relationships and ensuring their satisfaction. Managing internal operations. Researching and interpreting complex tax law. Advising clients on tax compliance and ways to improve their business.Gabe is an Enrolled Agent, fully licensed to represent clients before government tax bodies, including the Internal Revenue Service, CA Franchise Tax Board, and CA Board of Equalization.He possesses extensive knowledge in tax planning and preparation for individuals, corporations, and partnerships; including: multi-state businesses, mergers, acquisitions, and reorganizations.Aside from tax work, Gabe has aided clients with their business consulting, ERP and accounting software integration/implementation, and establishment of proper internal controls needs and SOX compliance.Mr. Velez works with a diverse clientele in a variety of industries, such as medical/dental professionals, real estate holdings and investments, and manufacturing. Senior Accountant Company Name SRH Financial Consultants Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location United States I currently manage most of our corporate client's accounting records and provide accounting and tax assistance to said clients and the partners of the firm. I also provide assistance with all forms of tax compliance including payroll, sales tax, property tax, and income tax.I prepare documents necessary for entity formation whether it be a LLC or Corporation. These documents include, but are not limited to: Articles of Incorporation/Organization, Bylaws, Minutes, Statement of Information, and form 2553. VP of Operations Company Name Orglow, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Orange County, California Area Customer Service Rep Company Name SunOpta Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Buena Park, CA Cash Service Rep Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Los Angeles, CA Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation & Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 University of California, Irvine Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Business Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Studied: Business. Economic theories and principles. Statistical modeling and interpretation. St. John Bosco Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Football, wrestling, track & field
More Actions Anthony has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Anthony DeStefano, CPA NONPROFITS, GRANTS, US, NJ, PA GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING, FAR, DFARS, DCAA AND PROPOSALS A&T Consultants, LLC Rowan University Somerdale, New Jersey 500+ 500+ connections InMail I am currently a consultant helping large, medium and small business owners get started and win business with commercial entities and individuals, and the federal and state governments. I also help nonprofits win grants with the US Government and private foundations and I have complete lists of grants available in these areas. I am familiar with all aspects of the CAS, FAR, DFARS, DGARS and DoDGARs, the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996, OMB Circular A-133 and A-102 and OMB Guidance related to grants, and cooperative agreements for nonprofits. I am familiar with PA and NJ state procurement codes. I can work with every state if you wish. I am a complete business development expert with extensive knowledge of the FAR and DFARS related to bids and proposals and contract administration so you can keep the contracts you win. I have negotiated millions of dollars in new contracts for clients and employers and developed innovative proposal strategies that have resulted in millions of dollars in contracts. I developed the use of uncompensated overtime to win competitive contracts. I have also prepared and negotiated Change Order Proposals, Termination Settlement Proposals and Claims. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Anthony’s Articles & Activity 726 followers FOP Chapter Under Fire by IRS Anthony DeStefano, CPA on LinkedIn See 2 more articles #nonprofits, #ubti, #IRS, #F&A, #2 CFR 200 Anthony shared this Any suggestions? I have an incumbent client rebidding the sole source set aside work they currently are doing at the exact same price without escalation for exact same scope. Contracting Officers is doing a part 15 negotiated procurement (it was part 12 previously) and is insisting on do cost analysis even though the Firm Fixed Price contract is not subject to Progress Payments, Performance Based Payments, or TINA Cert and is not a fixed price incentive contract. Client is a very small business and has never developed indirect rates. KO wants full indirects in support of bid and won't accept the wrap rate (labor multiplier) and market analysis support which they apparently used to form the original bid and from my review looks adequate to substantiate price reasonableness. I can't find a reason why cost analysis HAS to be conducted when the work was accepted on a part 12 basis previously, has already been deemed reasonable, is FFP, and rates are about 60% lower than GSA rates for same LCATs. Thoughts? Anthony commented Here's how America's Amtrak compares to China's bullet trains Anthony commented See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 11 endorsements for QuickBooks 11 QuickBooks Mark LoPresti and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Mark LoPresti and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Mark LoPresti and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Aerospace Manufacturing 26,239 members Curtiss-Wright 6,470 followers Camden County College 21,391 followers Orbital Sciences Corporation is now Orbital ATK! 21,028 followers Accounting Today | Discussion Group 20,407 members PwC 1,356,106 followers See all See all following
More Actions Patricia has a account Patricia Harris Tax Preparer at Tax Odyssey Tax Odyssey University of Arkansas Seattle, Washington 43 43 connections Send InMail My math background (BS in Mathematics from the University of Arkansas) is indicative of my comfort with all things numeric and my love of logic and organizing. I began preparing income taxes for individuals in 2003 and liked it so much I have since added IRS audits; estate, trust, partnership and small corporate tax returns; and even some bookkeeping work with QuickBooks. In 2011, I was lucky enough to team up with four other tax-minded individuals at our own tax office on Meridian. I enjoy turning a pile of numbers and papers into a complete and comprehensive tax return resulting in the best outcome in terms of tax liability, tax compliance, vigilance toward audit pitfalls, and preparation for following years. Every tax return is unique and doing tax returns always provides a new challenge. I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and review your tax status. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Returns See 6 endorsements for Tax Returns 6 Tax Returns Gabriela Hidalgo EA, NTPI Fellow and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Invoicing See 1 endorsement for Invoicing 1 Invoicing Cindy J. Roa, MBA, PMP has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Expenses See 1 endorsement for Expenses 1 Expenses Cindy J. Roa, MBA, PMP has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Official NAEA Group 5,360 members University of Arkansas 107,914 followers University of Arkansas 98,242 followers
More Actions Julie has a account Julie Do, CPA Senior Tax Analyst at Amazon Amazon Golden Gate University Seattle, Washington 244 244 connections Send InMail ** Well-rounded CPA with broad-based experience in public accounting with a focus on high net worth individuals. ** Experience in private industry accounting managing month end close process, cash management, bank reconciliations, cash flow planning, and payroll processes. ** Wide-ranging experience working with multiple CPA firms, from large international firms to regional and local based firms. ** Extensive knowledge of both preparing and reviewing a variety of tax returns including partnership, LLC, S corporation, C corporation, individual, trust, estate and gift tax returns. ** Strong knowledge of GAAP, accounting policies, and internal controls. ** Experience working with numerous high net worth individuals in meeting their financial reporting and tax compliance needs, from preparing their business tax returns to their individual tax returns, as well as providing tax planning and tax consulting. ** Management experience in overseeing small teams and training and mentoring staff. ** Very organized and detail oriented with a strong attention to detail and time management skills in meeting tight deadlines. ** Adept in working with electronic workpapers and binders in paperless environments. ** Proficient in a number of software programs including: Prosystem fx Tax, Prosystem fx Engagement, Prosystem fx Planning, BNA Fixed Assets, BNA Income Tax Planner, Quicbooks, Microsoft Dynamics, Office, Excel and Adobe electronic tools and tickmarks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Julie’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 5 endorsements for Auditing 5 Auditing J. Nick Scott and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 5 endorsements for CPA 5 CPA Endorsed by 2 of Julie’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Julia Poloai Regional Human Resources Generalist at USI Insurance Services October 29, 2015, Julie was a client of Julia’s I've had the pleasure of being an active participant in many of Julia's group fitness classes over the years, including Zumba and Turbo Kick. Julia is a top-knotch group fitness instructor with over a decade of experience in the space. Her high level of energy and enthusiasm are unmatched. She really understands how to read people, how to engage them, and how to motivate them to achieve their best. She is not only a good teacher but a good leader. She inspires a following wherever she goes with regulars who would show up to her classes, no matter where where she is teaching, simply because they want to learn from her and only her. While some instructors just go through the motions of following a choreographed routine, Julia actively interacts with her crowd, taking note of those who are picking things up and those who may be struggling and adjusts her routine accordingly to speed up or slow down as necessary. This goes back to her ability to really perceive and read people. She truly understands how to give them the extra push to reach their true potential. Interests University of Washington 381,621 followers Golden Gate University 42,406 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Amazon 2,282,714 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,484 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carole A. T. has a account Carole A. T. Smith CPA Owner, Radnor Tax Services LLC Radnor Tax Services LLC Hofstra University Greater Philadelphia Area 204 204 connections Send InMail Tax Preparation & Tax Planning Radnor Tax Services LLC provides timely tax return preparation and planning services for individuals, trusts and small businesses at reasonable rates. We also take great pride in helping clients organize their financial information and minimize their tax liability. During our peak season of March and April, tax return preparation is a priority. Since tax planning is a year-round continuous process, we keep clients informed of new ideas through periodic correspondence. See the Tax Update & Ideas tab of this site for recent tax changes and planning opportunities. INDIVIDUALS Our primary focus is planning and preparation of tax returns for individuals. We have significant experience with complex situations including stock and mutual fund investments, multi-state issues, exercise of stock options, alternative minimum tax, rental properties, sole proprietorships and other matters. Complimentary Tax Organizers are sent to all individual clients at year end to help gather the information necessary for tax return preparation. We encourage an early start to the return preparation process and normally deliver a two-week turnaround. All returns with complete information to us by April 1st are finished by April 15th. We also offer electronic filing to help expedite your refund. CORPORATIONS, PARTNERSHIPS & LLCS We have significant experience with planning and tax return preparation for limited liability companies (LLCs), partnerships and both S and C Corporations. Although the largest tax dollars are Federal, particular consideration is given to state and local tax issues, including the PA Capital Stock Franchise tax as well as township business privilege taxes. We can work in connection with your attorney to help you with your choice of business entity to maximize your tax savings while preserving your liability protection. We normally strive to complete all corporate, partnership and LLC tax returns by February 15th. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 33 endorsements for Tax 33 Tax Tom Mihok and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 29 endorsements for Tax Preparation 29 Tax Preparation Deborah Chiumento CFP and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 23 endorsements for Income Tax 23 Income Tax Jeff Asay, CSPO, MBA and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Hofstra University 83,619 followers Hofstra University 81,509 followers Radnor Tax Services LLC 27 followers
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Urke CFO at Acquisition Sciences Ltd Urke & Stoller LLP UCLA Anderson School of Management Phoenix, Arizona Area 123 123 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Potter, CPA Hedge Accounting Manager at HedgeStar HedgeStar University of St. Thomas - Opus College of Business Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Corporate, partnership, and individual tax consulting Like-kind exchanges Global tax planning Documentation and risk management Highlights Follow Follow Tim’s Activity 546 followers Why aren't more plastics consumers embracing hedging? - Commodity Price Risk Tim liked If you are a Controller or Finance Director with a non-profit background and may be open to something new please let me know. I have a client that I am working with exclusively that has a wonderful mission, excellent benefits, and has 1/2 days on Friday! Please contact me to learn more. Tim liked Summer Fridays Are All the Rage This Year Tim liked Why aren’t more plastics consumers embracing hedging? Tim liked America's Best Entrepreneurial Governor Tim liked Hedging may get easier under new FASB accounting standard - Journal of Accountancy Tim liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Jennifer Winebarger and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at HedgeStar Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 19 endorsements for Income Tax 19 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at Pine River Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tim’s colleagues at Pine River Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Blu Dot 3,156 followers James Caan CBEJames Caan CBE is a LinkedIn Influencer Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in People with Passion 2,851,808 followers Dunn Bros Coffee 1,946 followers Microsoft 3,763,254 followers Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,959,008 followers Minnesota Twins 9,831 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hillary has a account Hillary Higgins, CPA Cadre CPAs PLLC Cadre CPAs PLLC Golden Gate University Bellevue, Washington 176 176 connections Send InMail Hillary has been serving individuals and businesses in a variety of industries since she began her career in accounting in 2005. Her practice features a specialization in estates and trusts for high net worth individuals, including estate tax planning and tax consulting. Hillary is experienced in charitable gift analysis and wealth transfer planning. She enjoys working with the other members of your financial team to develop strategies that help you achieve your financial goals. In her spare time, Hillary is a long distance runner and has completed four full marathons. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Hillary’s colleagues at Bader Martin, P.S. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 6 endorsements for Corporate Tax 6 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Hillary’s colleagues at Bader Martin, P.S. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 5 endorsements for Tax Research 5 Tax Research Kathryn Cardenas and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Washington 381,621 followers Golden Gate University 7,854 members Bader Martin, P.S. Alumni Group 89 members Golden Gate University 42,406 followers University of Washington 358,110 followers Cadre CPAs PLLC 3 followers See all See all following
More Actions Armando has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Armando Hernandez MBA, CPA CEO at Hernandez & Company, CPAs Hernandez & Company, CPAs Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Armando Hernandez is the CEO of H&CO, a global accounting and consulting firm. Under his leadership, the firm has grown from a local firm to a global provider of international professional services; today, H&CO is one of the largest accounting and consulting firms in the country. He attributes his success to his simple strategy based on 3 pillars: client centric, best people and operational excellence. As the CEO of a growing firm, Armando is constantly thinking about the future of the firm and the steps that must be taken now to secure that future. He has created a culture of pride, passion and commitment that has enabled the firm to attract and retain the best and brightest professionals. H&CO’s value proposition lies in facilitating global mobility to international investors, global families and multinationals with investments and operations in multiple jurisdictions by providing a full comprehensive line of services ranging from establishing, operating to selling a business. Armando strongly believes in the value of relationships. He views every client relationship as a partnership and truly believes that the company’s success is a result of clients’ success. Armando holds a global MBA from Duke University as well as a Master of Taxation and a Bachelor of Accounting from Florida International University. He is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant and Certified as a Trust and Estate Practitioner. He has received numerous awards and recognitions over the years, most recently he was selected as “Top 10 Public Accounting Professionals” in Florida. In 2016, H&CO received the prestigious Ponce de Leon Excellence Award presented by the Spain-United States Chamber of Commerce. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Armando’s Articles & Activity 2,833 followers Argentina's New Tax Amnesty Program Armando Hernandez MBA, CPA on LinkedIn See all articles How To Achieve IFRS 15 Compliance: A Front-Line Report Armando liked A snapshot of our employee engagement survey: Kimberly Vacanti, Tax Associate "These 3 years working for Hernandez & Company, CPAs have been a one of a kind experience. I have been able to grow and learn tremendously". Armando liked 5 Takeaways from Amazon's Purchase of Whole Foods Armando shared this See all activity Experience CEO Company Name Hernandez & Company, CPAs Dates Employed Oct 1993 – Present Employment Duration 23 yrs 9 mos Location Coral Gables, FL Armando Hernandez has been helping multinationals and global families around the world for over two decades. His value proposition lies in facilitating global financial mobility to global families and multinationals with operations and subsidiaries in different countries by providing a full comprehensive line of services ranging from establishing, operating to selling a business. Each client is assigned to a team of trusted multilingual advisors who has a solid reputation in the international arena and a solid understanding of multi cultures. The services are provided at a flat fee agreement aligning both the interest of the firm and the client, no surprises. Armando has extensive international business experience. He has helped thousands of multinationals enter the US market. His experience and comprehensive line of services includes choosing the optimal entity structure; selecting business location or a place to live, accounting outsourcing, SAP Business One and a variety of international tax services: Pre-residency tax planning and inbound transaction planning Cross-border tax planning assistance with multinational branch profits tax Closer connection exception statement for non US residents FIRPTA – Application for withholding certificate for dispositions U.S. real estate property Foreign tax credit planning and tax treaty planning FATCA – Filing of mandatory statement of specified foreign financial assets FBAR – Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts Initial and annual expatriation statement Assistance with amnesty programs Income repatriation planning and reportingArmando’s main clients typically include international businesses with US subsidiaries, U.S. businesses with international operations, international families with US investments and U.S. families with international investments. Education Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Global Florida International University Degree Name Bachelor of Accounting Florida International University - College of Business Degree Name Master of Science in Taxation (M.S.T.) Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 80 endorsements for Tax 80 Tax Endorsed by Ronald Marini and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Armando’s colleagues at Hernandez & Company, CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 72 endorsements for Accounting 72 Accounting Endorsed by Cruz Gonzalez Villanueva, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Armando’s colleagues at Hernandez & Company, CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 58 endorsements for Corporate Tax 58 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 7 of Armando’s colleagues at Hernandez & Company, CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Walter Bernacca CEO @ ShoesDsire August 14, 2015, Walter was a client of Armando’s Walter is a brilliant and enthusiastic professional. As a CPA and business consultant, I’ve had the privilege of working with Walter for more than 10 years. Walter is an honest, hardworking, creative and inspirational leader. I give my highest recommendation to my friend Walter. Dennis Day Global Head of Strategic Alliances and member of the Strategic Leadership Team at TMF Group June 17, 2011, Armando worked with Dennis but at different companies I have been working with my friend Dennis Day for many years. I enjoy working with him. It is a continuous learning experience to work with someone with so much international knowledge and experience.Dennis is an outstanding manager and an amazing salesperson. I am happy to be able to count on Dennins while working with multinationals. He is a turstworthy and harworking individual. Dennis is a professional that I can recommend with complete confidence. Accomplishments Armando has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Family Business Advisory Firm of the Year - 2016 Top 10 Public Accounting Professional in Florida Armando has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Armando has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests DukeGEN - The Duke Global Entrepreneurship Network - Main Group 17,893 members FIU Center for Leadership 4,407 members PwC 1,356,106 followers Florida International University - College of Law 16,882 followers McKinsey & Company 1,399,553 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members See all See all following
More Actions Omar has a account Omar Kurdi, CPA, MBA CPA CPA Monmouth University Greater New York City Area 230 230 connections Send InMail 'The more one works and plants, the more one will harvest. Then, the more good one can do, and the more success one can achieve.' -John Templeton Highly-motivated certified public accountant that enjoys learning new skills and applying myself to whatever task I put my hand to. I hold a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree with an Accounting Concentration from Monmouth University and a Baccalaureate of Science in Business Administration from Monmouth University as well. I have also studied Economic Development and Political Urbanization at Tianjin Commerce University in Tianjin, China. My skills and experiences include: 1120, 1065,1041, and 1040 preparation, Audits, Reviews, and Complilations, ProSystem Engagement, ProSystem Tax,SEC compliance, critical thinking, project design, cost analysis, and client development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Omar’s Activity 229 followers Time management strategies to make life more effective Omar liked The Last 24 Hours’ Developments in the UK and US Increase the Odds That Conflict Will Lead to Political Ineffectiveness Omar liked I am moderating a panel on new trends in CRE Capital Markets (REITs and Banks) tonight at the China-US Real Estate investment Forum; yes, I will speak slowly... Omar liked Had an amazing time interviewing the greatest quarterback of all time - Tom Brady & record breaking wide receiver Julian Edelman today in Boston. Both amazing athletes, friends, and leaders who never settle, never lose their hunger, and play not only for the love of the game, but the love of their team, family and fans. Underdogs who find a way to victory no matter what! Omar liked Adding these guardrails to your plan will give you more control: https://lnkd.in/etnzJ3D Omar liked Generic Brand Human Omar liked See all activity Experience Tax Consultant Company Name CPA Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grassi & Co. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Accountant Company Name UHY LLP Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Individual and corporate tax prep Accountant:Commercial Business Group Company Name Marks Paneth LLP Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Accountant Company Name Raich Ende Malter & Co., LLP Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Florham Park, New Jersey 1040, 1065, 1120S Tax Return Preparation Assist with Audits, Reviews, CompilationsCash, Fixed Assets, Expenses, Depreciation Schedules.Registered Tax Return Preparer with IRS (PTIN)AuditorPrepare Workpapers in Compliance with SEC ChecklistsObserve Physical Inventories of Audit ClientsBalance Sheets and Trial Balances Education Monmouth University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: National Business Honors Society Advanced Accounting, Strategic Management, Electronic Commerce, Ethics and Business Law, Taxation Monmouth University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma CS298- Trip to China with Dr. Peter Liu-2008 Monmouth University had an incredibly profound impact on my business education. As I worked my way through school for both undergrad and graduate degrees, I found the geographic convenience, accessibility of professors, and professionalism of its programs and educational consulting services to be top-notch.I have nothing but accolades for my business experience at Monmouth University. Tianjin University of Commerce China Field Of Study Economic Development, Political Urbanization Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008
More Actions Tammy has a account Tammy S. J. Schneider, CPA Founder, Managing Director at Taurus CPA Solutions Taurus CPA Solutions Villa Julie College Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Taurus CPA Solutions is a full service accounting, tax and consulting firm offering a broad range of professional services focused on the needs of business owners. We take the fear out of finances by providing solutions and education to our clients, allowing them to make better business decisions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Tammy’s Activity 983 followers 1031 Exchange, a Cherished Real Estate Tax Break, Faces Extinction Tammy liked I typically don't like getting letters from the Comptroller of Maryland, but it was nice that Peter Franchot took time to send this note. Tammy liked We are growing! No More Piles is looking for a part time Organizing Assistant. Who do you know that we should be talking to? Send me a pm if you know someone awesome that I need to connect with! Energetic. Passionate about Organizing. Non-Judgemental. Enthusiastic. Willing to Learn. Active. No-stuck-behind-a-desk-work here. Perfectionism not needed. If these words describe you - we’d love to talk! In search of a Organizing Assistant to help our team. The ideal candidate has good time management, attention to detail and compassion. Interested? Send a cover letter and resume to info@NoMorePiles.com Tammy liked Do I Have To Pay Income Tax On These Items? Tammy liked Strategic Factory #6 in Printing News Magazine’s Top 100 Tammy liked "Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are." - John Wooden Tammy liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 49 endorsements for Tax 49 Tax Endorsed by Joye Sistrunk , CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tammy’s colleagues at Glass Jacobson Financial Group Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 47 endorsements for Accounting 47 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Tammy’s colleagues at Glass Jacobson Financial Group Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 46 endorsements for Small Business 46 Small Business Endorsed by Deborah Gallant, MBA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tammy’s colleagues at Glass Jacobson Financial Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (19) Given (3) Leo Rotello MD, FCCM, FACP, FCCP Director of Critical Care, Johns Hopkins Community Physicians August 28, 2015, Leo was a client of Tammy’s We have been working with Tammy many years . She has been an integral part of the success of our practice . She is able preemptively anticipate our needs and functionally incorporates them into our processes. Her expertise continues to provide valuable support for our practice Leo C. Rotello MD President , Critical Care Associates LLC Margaret Fonshell Ward Principal at Ward & Herzog, LLC August 27, 2015, Margaret Fonshell was a client of Tammy’s Tammy Schneider has been my accountant for four years. Her careful attention and insight into the needs of a small business are invaluable. She is responsive and always willing to go further to find the right answers and solutions. View 17 more recommendations View 17 more recommendations recommendations Faye Kilstein I take care of your grunt work December 21, 2012, Tammy worked with Faye but at different companies Faye works with several of Glass Jacobson's clients to assist with their bookkeeping needs. She is knowledgeable, professional and personable. I recommend Faye whenever possible to my individual and business clients that need help keeping track of their finances. Monyka Berrocosa Entrepreneur - Writer - Advisor and Co Founder/Partner at Walpurgis Holdings LLC July 26, 2010, Tammy was a client of Monyka’s Monyka is an amazing woman. She is an expert in her field and is a phenominal resource for information about all things media and marketing related. Her efforts to inspire and engage women in business are highly successful and are to be commended. She is creative, honest and a great person to have on your team. I highly recommend her services. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests HuffPost 393,772 followers BB&T 83,593 followers KatzAbosch 562 followers Cyber Maryland 1,281 members Marketing to Women Network 22,645 members Tenable Network Security 19,779 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heidi has a account Heidi Phillips, CPA Administrative Director, Finance, Accounting and Reimbursement at Bon Secours Health System BON SECOURS ST. FRANCIS HEALTH SYSTEM Indiana University Northwest Simpsonville, South Carolina 284 284 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Remon has a account Remon Teriak, CPA Senior Accountant at PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP New Jersey City University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CPA / Tax Accountant specialize in privately-held, small and mid-sized businesses and small and mid-sized nonprofit organizations. Highlights Follow Follow Remon’s Activity 588 followers Federal court strikes down PTIN fees, upholds PTINs - Journal of Accountancy Remon shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by Lydia Saied, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 15 endorsements for Auditing 15 Auditing Endorsed by Lydia Saied, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Journal Entries See 9 endorsements for Journal Entries 9 Journal Entries krstina yousef and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests HH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al MaktoumHH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum is a LinkedIn Influencer We are building a new reality for our people, a new future for our children, and a new model of development 1,413,476 followers Hudson County Community College 8,607 followers Big 4 25,561 members The Progressive Accountant 4,892 members Tax Professionals 114,663 members Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,188 followers See all See all following
More Actions V K TAX has a account V K TAX ACCOUNTANT Accountant at V K TAX ACCOUNTANTS V K TAX ACCOUNTANTS Auckland, New Zealand 19 19 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Hillary has a account Hillary Higgins, CPA Cadre CPAs PLLC Cadre CPAs PLLC Golden Gate University Bellevue, Washington 176 176 connections Send InMail Hillary has been serving individuals and businesses in a variety of industries since she began her career in accounting in 2005. Her practice features a specialization in estates and trusts for high net worth individuals, including estate tax planning and tax consulting. Hillary is experienced in charitable gift analysis and wealth transfer planning. She enjoys working with the other members of your financial team to develop strategies that help you achieve your financial goals. In her spare time, Hillary is a long distance runner and has completed four full marathons. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Hillary’s colleagues at Bader Martin, P.S. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 6 endorsements for Corporate Tax 6 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Hillary’s colleagues at Bader Martin, P.S. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 5 endorsements for Tax Research 5 Tax Research Kathryn Cardenas and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Cadre CPAs PLLC 3 followers Bader Martin, P.S. Alumni Group 89 members Golden Gate University 42,406 followers Seattle Accounting and Finance Professionals Group 8,127 members Golden Gate University 40,150 followers University of Washington 358,106 followers See all See all following
More Actions Remon has a account Remon Teriak, CPA Senior Accountant at PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP New Jersey City University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CPA / Tax Accountant specialize in privately-held, small and mid-sized businesses and small and mid-sized nonprofit organizations. Highlights Follow Follow Remon’s Activity 588 followers Federal court strikes down PTIN fees, upholds PTINs - Journal of Accountancy Remon shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by Lydia Saied, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 15 endorsements for Auditing 15 Auditing Endorsed by Lydia Saied, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Journal Entries See 9 endorsements for Journal Entries 9 Journal Entries krstina yousef and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,959,950 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,816,184 followers New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members Diversity - A World of Change 38,854 members James Caan CBEJames Caan CBE is a LinkedIn Influencer Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in People with Passion 2,851,808 followers Big 4 25,561 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Hart Senior Director of Contracts at Baim Institute for Clinical Research Baim Institute for Clinical Research Babson College Boston, Massachusetts 140 140 connections Send InMail Experienced Senior Director with a demonstrated history of working in the research industry. Skilled in U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Clinical Trial Management System (CTMS), Biotechnology, Medical Devices, and Life Sciences. Strong operations professional with a BS focused in Accounting, Finance from Babson College. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements CRO CRO No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Clinical Trials See 1 endorsement for Clinical Trials 1 Clinical Trials Esther Levine has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Clinical Development Clinical Development No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Babson College 41,087 followers Baim Institute for Clinical Research 5,455 followers Babson College 45,884 followers Harvard Clinical Research Institute 5,096 followers
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Hermann, CPA Staff Accountant Brown Smith Wallace Southeast Missouri State University Greater St. Louis Area 154 154 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 2 endorsements for Customer Service 2 Customer Service Ashley Armbruster and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation Tax Preparation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork Teamwork No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Mississippi Lime Company 1,513 followers Enterprise Fleet Management 10,121 followers Southeast Missouri State University 32,927 followers Southeast Missouri State University 33,859 followers Post Holdings 1,783 followers BKD CPAs & Advisors 15,960 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jill has a account Jill Lancaster-Pitre Senior, Indirect Tax at Ernst & Young, LLP Ernst & Young LLP University of St. Thomas (TX) Houston, Texas Area 244 244 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 7 endorsements for Analysis 7 Analysis Jessica Gerard and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Erick Huerta - MBA, MS Acct and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Erick Huerta - MBA, MS Acct and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Tiffany Howard Owner at Magnolia Bloom Boutique August 6, 2012, Jill worked with Tiffany but at different companies When I decided to start looking for a new career path every agency I contacted seemed as though all they wanted to do is find me a position as quickly as they could. With Tiffany at Houston City Personnel, it was different. She took the time to speak to me on the phone and in person to find out exactly what I wanted. She was quick with her responses to my questions, whether it was e-mail or telephone.Tiffany is thorough, very knowledgeable, and has a great spunky attitude! She never presented me with a position that was off target from what I wanted and really had my best interest in mind.Tiffany and I worked together for a couple of months before we finally found the perfect career choice for me. I am completely happy with my experience with Tiffany and my current position that I have thanks to all of her hard work and dedication! If you want professional, organized, and honest, go with Tiffany at Houston City, she won't steer you wrong! Interests University of St. Thomas (TX) 17,293 followers EY 1,748,667 followers Briggs & Veselka Co. 305 members Ryan 11,470 followers University of Houston 223,112 followers Zeta Tau Alpha Alumnae 11,424 members See all See all following
More Actions Omar has a account Omar Kurdi, CPA, MBA CPA CPA Monmouth University Greater New York City Area 230 230 connections Send InMail 'The more one works and plants, the more one will harvest. Then, the more good one can do, and the more success one can achieve.' -John Templeton Highly-motivated certified public accountant that enjoys learning new skills and applying myself to whatever task I put my hand to. I hold a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree with an Accounting Concentration from Monmouth University and a Baccalaureate of Science in Business Administration from Monmouth University as well. I have also studied Economic Development and Political Urbanization at Tianjin Commerce University in Tianjin, China. My skills and experiences include: 1120, 1065,1041, and 1040 preparation, Audits, Reviews, and Complilations, ProSystem Engagement, ProSystem Tax,SEC compliance, critical thinking, project design, cost analysis, and client development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Omar’s Activity 229 followers Time management strategies to make life more effective Omar liked The Last 24 Hours’ Developments in the UK and US Increase the Odds That Conflict Will Lead to Political Ineffectiveness Omar liked I am moderating a panel on new trends in CRE Capital Markets (REITs and Banks) tonight at the China-US Real Estate investment Forum; yes, I will speak slowly... Omar liked Had an amazing time interviewing the greatest quarterback of all time - Tom Brady & record breaking wide receiver Julian Edelman today in Boston. Both amazing athletes, friends, and leaders who never settle, never lose their hunger, and play not only for the love of the game, but the love of their team, family and fans. Underdogs who find a way to victory no matter what! Omar liked Adding these guardrails to your plan will give you more control: https://lnkd.in/etnzJ3D Omar liked Generic Brand Human Omar liked See all activity Experience Tax Consultant Company Name CPA Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grassi & Co. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Accountant Company Name UHY LLP Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Individual and corporate tax prep Accountant:Commercial Business Group Company Name Marks Paneth LLP Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Accountant Company Name Raich Ende Malter & Co., LLP Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Florham Park, New Jersey 1040, 1065, 1120S Tax Return Preparation Assist with Audits, Reviews, CompilationsCash, Fixed Assets, Expenses, Depreciation Schedules.Registered Tax Return Preparer with IRS (PTIN)AuditorPrepare Workpapers in Compliance with SEC ChecklistsObserve Physical Inventories of Audit ClientsBalance Sheets and Trial Balances Education Monmouth University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: National Business Honors Society Advanced Accounting, Strategic Management, Electronic Commerce, Ethics and Business Law, Taxation Monmouth University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma CS298- Trip to China with Dr. Peter Liu-2008 Monmouth University had an incredibly profound impact on my business education. As I worked my way through school for both undergrad and graduate degrees, I found the geographic convenience, accessibility of professors, and professionalism of its programs and educational consulting services to be top-notch.I have nothing but accolades for my business experience at Monmouth University. Tianjin University of Commerce China Field Of Study Economic Development, Political Urbanization Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 34 endorsements for Auditing 34 Auditing Endorsed by Gregory Lavin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Omar’s colleagues at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by Brad McKinney and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Omar’s colleagues at Marks Paneth LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Endorsed by Gregory Lavin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Omar’s colleagues at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Crane Marketing & Sales Director at Fix Your Tax Problem, Inc Fix Your Tax Problem, Inc Kauai Community College Novato, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Our purpose at Fixyourtaxproblem.com is to resolve the tax issues of our clients. By doing this we enable them to recover both financially and emotional from lifes' often traumatic events Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Marketing See 55 endorsements for Marketing 55 Marketing Endorsed by Paul Camner, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Strategy See 44 endorsements for Marketing Strategy 44 Marketing Strategy Endorsed by Steve Winters and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 41 endorsements for Sales 41 Sales Endorsed by Paul Camner, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Interests Ameritax 19 followers Kauai Community College 1,301 followers Linked Local Marin County 10,444 members Kauai Community College 1,214 followers Promote Your Passion Community 141 members
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Garetson CPA Tax Managing Director at KPMG KPMG US University of North Texas Saint Louis, Missouri 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 42 endorsements for Corporate Tax 42 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Sibley and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Ken’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 16 endorsements for Financial Analysis 16 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Ken’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 7 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 7 Entrepreneurship Philip Dana and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests DynCorp International 106,128 followers Texas Young Professionals (Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin & Fort Worth Chapters) 91,868 members BrokerBin.com 3,379 followers KPMG US 455,526 followers McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. 38,899 followers Fluor Corporation 386,226 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heidi has a account Heidi Phillips, CPA Administrative Director, Finance, Accounting and Reimbursement at Bon Secours Health System BON SECOURS ST. FRANCIS HEALTH SYSTEM Indiana University Northwest Simpsonville, South Carolina 284 284 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Lambert, CPA CFO at AIPC Inc. AIPC, Inc Texas Tech University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 95 95 connections Send InMail Results-oriented Financial Executive with proven success directing accounting and financial functions within organizations ranging from start-ups to well established companies. Skilled in reorganizing, streamlining, and strengthening financial operations to maximize performance and profitability. Manages operational and financial challenges with confidence, determination, and focus. Visionary leader with a reputation for identifying value-added opportunities, implementing solutions, and partnering with key people at all levels of the organization to maximize success of initiatives. Specialties:  Financial Stewardship & Controllership  Process Improvement & Technology  Business Expansion & Startups  Financial Analysis & Variance Analysis  Cash Flow Management & Financial Reporting  Turnaround Expertise  Crisis Management  IT Software Implementation  Banking and Financial Relatonships See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Advertising Advertising No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Online Advertising Online Advertising No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Banking Banking No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Interests The Strategic CFO 35,821 members Texas Tech University 168,548 followers Dallas Accounting & Finance Professionals 3,793 members CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Texas Tech Group 20,266 members Texas Tech University 161,761 followers
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Arnold, CPA Senior Manager at Andersen Tax Andersen Tax SUNY New Paltz Greater New York City Area 296 296 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Steven Fingar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Robert’s colleagues at Andersen Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 9 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at Andersen Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Paul Gauthier and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Andersen Tax 7,017 followers SUNY New Paltz 41,579 followers SUNY New Paltz 40,728 followers
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Lavery, CPA Partner at Zach, Lavery, & Cywinski, CPA's The ZLC Group CPAs, LLC Canisius College Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 230 230 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Edward’s Activity 229 followers Architects plan to renovate and occupy former malt house, grain silo - The Buffalo News Edward liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name The ZLC Group CPAs, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Amherst, New York Owner Company Name Zach Lavery & Cywinski, CPA's, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Certified Public Accountant Company Name Goodman & Lavery, CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Accountant Company Name Ansell Buffington & Company, CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Education Canisius College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Williamsville South High School Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 17 endorsements for General Ledger 17 General Ledger Maureen Smith and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 12 endorsements for Financial Reporting 12 Financial Reporting Jack Jurek and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 12 endorsements for Financial Accounting 12 Financial Accounting Christopher Clark and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills
More Actions Chetan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Chetan Joshi, CPA, CITP I help preserve value while minimizing compliance risks in finance transformations. Ernst & Young LLP The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Professional experience: Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with a Certified Information Technology Professional (CITP) credential & Masters in Business Administration (MBA). Experience highlights include large scale project management in ERP implementations, forensic investigations, expert witness reports, complex data management in bankruptcy and mass tort claims litigation, electronic discovery, regulatory compliance & controls, and systems design, development, and implementation. Specialties: Requirements identification , Business Process Documentation, Forensic Investigations, Economic Analysis, Complex Data Management, Systems Design & Implementation, Records Management, Electronic Discovery, and Computer Forensics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Chetan’s Activity 1,681 followers How to listen for the hidden data in earnings calls Chetan replied to a comment Why top-down companies can underperform their peers Chetan shared this Two points from this: a) Attaining power leads to subordinates withholding clues an information that could prevent such brain damage. b) Is this damage irreversible? Chetan shared this EY Scaling new heights survey Chetan shared this Global firm, global friends. Awesome EY Global Tax Performance Advisory training '17 with attendees from all around the world : 20 attendees, 11 facilitators, 8 days of learning and so much fun ! It was my great pleasure to conduct the ETL session. Thanks, other facilitators, for your insights on ERP, data storage, visualizations, digital tax authorities and marketing, and thanks, all the other attendees, for making it such a nice time: safe flights home ! Looking forward to seeing you soon Aaron, Aleksandra, Candise, christian, Clara, Clarence, Claudia, Dante, Elisabeth, Ian, Igor, Jayesh, Leandro, Marc, Mennie, Oksana, Sameh, Sebastian, Sharan, Torben, Aaron L, Abad, Ahsan, Andrew, Celine, Chetan, Emilio, Gary, Robert & Ross ! Chetan shared this EY - Managing indirect tax refunds Chetan shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Litigation Support See 70 endorsements for Litigation Support 70 Litigation Support Endorsed by Ken Leissler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Chetan’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Forensic Analysis See 45 endorsements for Forensic Analysis 45 Forensic Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Chetan’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Forensic Accounting See 44 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 44 Forensic Accounting Endorsed by Michael T. Dyer and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chetan’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (13) Sonya Andreassen SVP Internal Fraud Prevention, PNC - Enterprise Fraud Management September 9, 2010, Chetan worked with Sonya in the same group Chet is an incredibly talented professional with an impressive mix of capabilities and experience. Chet has that rare combination of accounting, investigative and technology knowledge that enables him to provide strategic guidance and be a valuable leader or member of any team.Chet is particularly effective on large, complex matters because of his broad background and the increasing need to be able to navigate electronic data to conduct effective investigations, efficiently provide litigation support or respond to bankruptcy/receiver needs.Chet's international experience adds to his versatility and ability to direct matters involving multiple countries, cultures and work environments. He is intellectually curious, creates strong, constructive team dynamics and is able to maintain his composure in stressful, time sensitive situations. He is a polished professional with an intuitive and intentional focus on building strong teams and taking care of his clients. Edgartt Melton Chief Operating Officer at VERT Solar Finance July 7, 2007, Chetan was senior to Edgartt but didn’t manage directly Chetan is a great mentor and invaluable guide. I look forward to partnering with him in the future. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Shawna Reynolds-Reinhardt Author and business owner Barn at Zyntango Farm Produce, weddings and community events August 16, 2012, Chetan worked with Shawna but at different companies Shawna was one of the key board members on MAT Condo. Assn. who was instrumental in getting the projects completed, establishing proper governance of the property, and responsive to the needs of the residents or the property management company. I have known Shawna since 2005 and respect her professional attitude and demeanor in getting goals accomplished. As a result of her leadership on the Board, including the path that she set with other board members, the Michigan Avenue Tower is considered to be a premier property in the Chicago area. Laura Ochoa, PMP Vice President at Duff & Phelps January 5, 2012, Chetan managed Laura directly Laura Lienemann and I worked on a few projects at Duff & Phelps where she clearly demonstrated the critical elements of thinking, evaluation, and analysis leading her to derive conclusions that were comprehensive. Laura presents her point of view objectively and does her research on matters on which she is likely to have little or no prior experience. Over the term that I knew Laura, I would projects with a view towards utilizing her skills because I was confident that her work would often exceed expectations on the first attempt. I'd be happy to work with Laura again when, and if, the opportunity presents to do so. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Interests Ropes & Gray LLP 11,007 followers IBM 3,481,797 followers FCPA - Foreign Corrupt Practices Act - Anti-Corruption Compliance Group 22,175 members Schopf & Weiss LLP has merged with Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP 266 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members EY 1,748,666 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Garetson CPA Tax Managing Director at KPMG KPMG US University of North Texas Saint Louis, Missouri 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 42 endorsements for Corporate Tax 42 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Sibley and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Ken’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 16 endorsements for Financial Analysis 16 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Ken’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 7 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 7 Entrepreneurship Philip Dana and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Wenger Corporation 876 followers University of North Texas 187,502 followers UNT Accounting 1,427 members Global Diversity and Inclusion in the Workplace 24,453 members Multiply (formerly Answers) 3,681 followers SageGlass 2,041 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Lambert, CPA CFO at AIPC Inc. AIPC, Inc Texas Tech University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 95 95 connections Send InMail Results-oriented Financial Executive with proven success directing accounting and financial functions within organizations ranging from start-ups to well established companies. Skilled in reorganizing, streamlining, and strengthening financial operations to maximize performance and profitability. Manages operational and financial challenges with confidence, determination, and focus. Visionary leader with a reputation for identifying value-added opportunities, implementing solutions, and partnering with key people at all levels of the organization to maximize success of initiatives. Specialties:  Financial Stewardship & Controllership  Process Improvement & Technology  Business Expansion & Startups  Financial Analysis & Variance Analysis  Cash Flow Management & Financial Reporting  Turnaround Expertise  Crisis Management  IT Software Implementation  Banking and Financial Relatonships See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Advertising Advertising No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Online Advertising Online Advertising No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Banking Banking No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Texas Tech University 168,548 followers Texas Tech University 161,761 followers Texas Tech Group 20,266 members The Strategic CFO 35,821 members Dallas Accounting & Finance Professionals 3,793 members
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Arnold, CPA Senior Manager at Andersen Tax Andersen Tax SUNY New Paltz Greater New York City Area 296 296 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Steven Fingar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Robert’s colleagues at Andersen Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 9 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at Andersen Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Paul Gauthier and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Andersen Tax 7,017 followers SUNY New Paltz 41,579 followers SUNY New Paltz 40,728 followers
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Lavery, CPA Partner at Zach, Lavery, & Cywinski, CPA's The ZLC Group CPAs, LLC Canisius College Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 230 230 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Edward’s Activity 229 followers Architects plan to renovate and occupy former malt house, grain silo - The Buffalo News Edward liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name The ZLC Group CPAs, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Amherst, New York Owner Company Name Zach Lavery & Cywinski, CPA's, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Certified Public Accountant Company Name Goodman & Lavery, CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Accountant Company Name Ansell Buffington & Company, CPA's Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Education Canisius College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Williamsville South High School Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 17 endorsements for General Ledger 17 General Ledger Maureen Smith and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 12 endorsements for Financial Reporting 12 Financial Reporting Jack Jurek and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 12 endorsements for Financial Accounting 12 Financial Accounting Christopher Clark and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Edward has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Canisius College 30,089 followers Canisius College 31,444 followers
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Chan Advanced Risk and Compliance Analytics Solutions PwC Seattle University Seattle, Washington 270 270 connections Send InMail Alvin is a Seattle based experienced associate in the data analytics team. After graduating with a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Alvin joined PwC in August of 2014. As an associate within the firm, Alvin has leveraged his technical skillset on various projects and work streams. These include stock based compensation, equity data analysis, computer assisted auditing techniques, and related accounting data analysis. Alvin has expert level MS Excel skills and strong data quality and management skills. He also has strong interpersonal skills developed as a small business owner of a tea house. Alvin combines his technical expertise with accounting and business knowledge to provide valuable and impactful results for his clients. He has supported several successful data analysis projects related to large Healthcare and Technology clients. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Data Assurance Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Cheung & Chu CPA Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Education Seattle University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Cal State Fullerton Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Long Bach, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alvin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alvin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Traditional) English Alvin has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ISACA Interests PwC 1,356,106 followers Seattle University 50,548 followers Seattle University 53,178 followers California State University, Fullerton 155,910 followers California State University, Fullerton 162,676 followers
More Actions Rachel has a account Rachel McBride, CPA Tax Accountant at The Empire District Electric Company The Empire District Electric Company Missouri Southern State University Carthage, Missouri 147 147 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name The Empire District Electric Company Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Joplin, Missouri Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Leggett & Platt Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs Staff Accountant Company Name Mense, Churchwell & Mense Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Tax Intern Company Name Leggett & Platt Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Executive Assistant Company Name Boys and Girls Clubs of America Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Missouri Southern State University Degree Name B.S.B.A. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 5 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 9 endorsements for Tax Research 9 Tax Research Endorsed by 6 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 6 endorsements for Tax Accounting 6 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rachel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests The Empire District Electric Company 1,039 followers Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,706 members Leggett & Platt 10,328 followers
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Egnew Shareholder at LME Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. LME Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Utah State University - Jon M. Huntsman School of Business Greater Salt Lake City Area 486 486 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Shareholder Company Name LME Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Bountiful, UT Tax Partner Company Name Eide Bailly LLP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Salt Lake City Area Tax Partner Company Name Hansen, Barnett & Maxwell Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Salt Lake City Area Director Company Name Hansen, Barnett & Maxwell Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Tax Manager Company Name Hansen, Barnett & Maxwell, P.C. Dates Employed 2000 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 10 yrs Education Utah State University - Jon M. Huntsman School of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 45 endorsements for Tax 45 Tax Endorsed by Michael J. Fleming and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matt’s colleagues at Eide Bailly LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 40 endorsements for Tax Accounting 40 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Eide Bailly LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 38 endorsements for Accounting 38 Accounting Endorsed by Josh Coffin ☁ ⛅️ and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matt’s colleagues at Eide Bailly LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) David Christianson, DDS, Inc. Root Canal Treatment and Surgery Specialist February 25, 2013, David was a client of Matt’s Matt has been a very important asset to my company and I would recommend him to anyone. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matt has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations AICPA Salt Lake Estate Planning Council UACPA Matt has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Portuguese Interests LDS Professionals 46,830 members Jon M. Huntsman School of Business 3,404 members Huntsman School of Business - Utah State University 2,664 members Partners In Business USU 1,020 members Utah State University - Jon M. Huntsman School of Business 5,551 followers On Hill Events 22 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Koziol, CPA, FHFMA, FACHE Interim Chief Financial Officer - Holyoke Medical Center Holyoke Medical Center University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail MICHAEL J. KOZIOL, FHFMA, FACHE michaelkoziol55@gmail.com 401-480-8788 SENIOR EXECUTIVE Seasoned financial executive with leadership roles in finance, administration, strategic planning, contracting, quality and lean management and population health management in various healthcare provider settings, including hospitals, physician practices and outpatient clinics. Proven track record in financial management, debt refinancing, managed care contracting and organizational leadership at large and small health systems. Accomplished financial leader, strategic thinker, and change agent with over 30 years of experience in small and large non-profit organizations. A strong portfolio of successes contributing to organizational financial growth and stability as well as improving operating efficiencies. Reputation for strong work ethic, being approachable, a teacher, a team player with the commitment to corporate success. A creative problem solver with a customer focus. QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY Financial operating results ~ Change management ~ Process, productivity & efficiency improvements ~ Debt refinancing ~ Contract management ~ Strategic leader ~ Revenue cycle management ~ Team player ~ Budgeting ~ Population health management ~ Financial analysis CAREER HIGHLIGHTS > Championed organization's financial turnaround from $14 million operating loss to a $13 million operating gain in three years to position organization for $300 million capital project > Led organization through its first bond rating process in order to secure $280 million in capital financing for a replacement hospital See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Activity 513 followers Congratulations to Kurt A. Barwis, FACHE, president and CEO of Bristol Hospital and Health Care Group, who will be recognized by the American Hospital Association and the Connecticut Hospital Association as Connecticut’s 2017 Grassroots Champion. Barwis will be presented with the award at CHA’s 99th Annual Meeting on Wednesday, June 14. He is being recognized for his exceptional leadership in advocating for hospital priorities such as eliminating the hospital tax and raising Medicaid rates. Barwis also has dedicated considerable time to educating lawmakers on major issues impacting hospitals today. Michael commented See all activity Experience Interim Chief Financial Officer Company Name Holyoke Medical Center Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Springfield, Massachusetts Area Chief Financial Officer Company Name Southcoast Physicians Group, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Fairhaven, MA The multi-specialty physician organization of Southcoast Health System, Inc. with over 280 physicians and 100 mid-level providers serving the health needs of Southeastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Sr. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Company Name MaineGeneral Health Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Augusta, ME Third largest healthcare system in the state of Maine with a new 192 bed replacement hospital (2013), comprehensive outpatient center, cancer center, 200 employed physicians, skilled nursing care, long term care, home care, hospice and a captive insurance company. The system has over $450 million in operating revenues with over 4000 employees. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Company Name South County Hospital and Health Care System Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Wakefield, Rhode Island Financial executive for organization that included a 100 bed hospital, an endowment, a captive insurance company, a home health agency, a durable medical equipment company and home services provider. The health system had over $200 million in gross revenues, $145 million in assets and 1,000 employees. Chief Financial Officer Company Name Massachusetts Eye and Ear Associates, Inc. Dates Employed 1995 – 2003 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Boston, MA The first chief financial officer for a 100 physician multi-specialty practice, affiliated with the Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary and Harvard School of Medicine, with over $90 million in gross revenues. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Illinois State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting, Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Volunteer Experience Trustee Company Name Alfond Youth Center Cause Children The combined organization of the Boys and Girls Club with the YMCA of greater Waterville, ME with the mission "To Inspire and enable all young people and their families to realize their full potential as healthy, productive, responsible And caring citizens." member of various planning committees Company Name Healthcare Financial Management Association (HFMA) Cause Health Board Member Company Name MaineGeneral Homecare and Hospice Featured Skills & Endorsements Healthcare Management See 21 endorsements for Healthcare Management 21 Healthcare Management Endorsed by Michael Connelly, CPA, FACHE and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at MaineGeneral Health Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 21 endorsements for Strategic Planning 21 Strategic Planning Endorsed by Jay Gonsalves, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at MaineGeneral Health Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 20 endorsements for Healthcare 20 Healthcare Endorsed by Michael Connelly, CPA, FACHE and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at MaineGeneral Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Denise Dumont-Bernier Healthcare Leader/Director/ Strategic Partner: Creating the vision & strategic partnerships for high performing healthcare programs April 22, 2017, Michael was senior to Denise but didn’t manage directly Denise and I were colleagues at MaineGeneral Health. We collaborated on many projects including our employee wellness program which contributed to our ability to hold health care costs flat for our employee population for several years. A strong business sense, proven ability to turnaround poor performing programs into financial winners and a person who can take a business idea from concept to successful implementation, Denise is a passionate leader with a drive to succeed. A good business partner and great to work with, I would recommend Denise for a leadership position. Accomplishments Michael has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Maine Development Foundation - Leadership Maine Alfond Youth Center American College of Healthcare Executives HealthCare Financial Management Association Interests Disruptive innovations in healthcare 2,312 members Financial Control | Finance | Accounting | Audit | Reporting | CPA | ACA | ACCA | Accountant 134,999 members Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 233,019 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,766 followers HIMSS 215,839 members WinterWyman Search 1,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carol-Ann has a account Carol-Ann Simon, CA, CPA Expatriate Taxation Shareholder at Perkins & Co.,P.C., an independent member of the BDO Seidman Alliance Perkins & Co Oregon Board of Accountancy Portland, Oregon Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm a specialist in expatriate/foreign national taxation. I started my career in Canada, and now do cross border work for Canadian / US taxpayers, as well as all other countries. I assist individual expats/inpats with their US and foreign tax returns, international tax planning and minimization. I assist their employers with relocation compensation package design, tax cost projections, equalizations, policy design, and payroll/accounting issues related to having expatriate employees. Specialties: Tax returns, equalization calculations and policy, program start ups, accounting for assignments, tax cost projections. Just got my Certifying Acceptance Agent status. I can now certify ITIN (Individual Taxpayer Identification Number) applications for foreign nationals. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Expatriate Taxation Shareholder Company Name Perkins & Co Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos I'm a specialist in expatriate/foreign national taxation, and assist companies with their globally mobile employees, and also individual expats themselves.Perkins & Company, P.C. was founded in Portland in 1986 and has grown to be the largest locally based accounting firm in the Portland metro area. Perkins & Co. is also an independent member of the BDO Alliance, providing international services through BDO, the fifth largest accounting firm in the world. Expatriate Tax Services Partner Company Name BDO Seidman Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos San Jose, CAI was the leader of the national expatriate services practice. Partner Company Name Ernst & Young LLP Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos San Jose, CAI was a partner serving both large multinational accounts and internet start ups. Senior Manager Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jul 1995 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos San Jose, CAExpatriate specialist building a practice in the Bay Area of California Senior Manager Company Name Price Waterhouse Dates Employed Jun 1986 – Jun 1995 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Toronto, CanadaBecame an expatriate tax specialist, serving multinationals from all over the US while working in the Toronto practice. Education Oregon Board of Accountancy Degree Name CPA Field Of Study Accounting, tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 California Board of Accountancy Degree Name CPA Field Of Study Accounting/taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1997 Institute of Chartered Accountants Ontario Degree Name CA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 58 endorsements for Tax 58 Tax Endorsed by Lori Ellingboe and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Carol-Ann’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 57 endorsements for International Tax 57 International Tax Endorsed by 5 of Carol-Ann’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Expatriate Tax See 31 endorsements for Expatriate Tax 31 Expatriate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Carol-Ann’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (7) Renae J. Leadley Senior Vice President, Business Banking Oregon East/South November 22, 2016, Renae J. was a client of Carol-Ann’s I would strongly recommend Carol-Ann and her team. Having recently immigrated to the United States from Canada, I needed to engage a professional who was very familiar with both US and Canadian tax laws. Carol-Ann is incredibly knowledgable and proactively provided our family helpful tax advice. She is very thorough, detail oriented and incredibly responsive. She and her team definitely guided us through the tax nuances between the two countries. We would definitely recommend her services. Vincent Ircandia President at stellaralgo corp. November 7, 2016, Vincent was a client of Carol-Ann’s Carol-Ann continues to be excellent to work with. I feel incredibly lucky to have been introduced to her as her cross-border tax knowledge and expertise are unparalleled. As a busy executive, Carol-Ann really put my mind at ease and I would highly recommend her to anyone. Best,Vince View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Elena Hajis Principal at ThinkingGlobal - Australian And Foreign Executive Tax and Business Consultants September 6, 2011, Carol-Ann worked with Elena but at different companies Elena is a very technically oriented person, who can assimilate a lot of detail and get you a great user-friendly response. She is very proactive and will approach you first about things that need to be done, and not leave you wondering about upcoming deadlines or next steps. She is also very timely in her responses to her clients. Melissa Griffiths Business Development Professional November 5, 2010, Carol-Ann worked with Melissa in different groups Melissa is an extremely talented at business development. She always brings new and original ideas, and is tireless in her approaches to companies and keeping up a flow of contact. She is great at multitasking, and at bringing diverse people together to team up and add value to an organization. She became so conversant in our accounting services that she could have been on staff! View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Carol-Ann has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Carol-Ann has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Rights of Foreign Nationals Interests Expat Network 84,313 members Portland Business Alliance - Greater Portland's Chamber of Commerce 5,809 members Pacific Northwest Relocation Council 516 members University of Toronto Mississauga 21,386 followers The Global Mobility Network 4,711 members Tax 20 members See all See all following
More Actions Giovanni has a account Giovanni Carbone, CPA Manager at Kreinces Rollins & Shanker, LLC | Tax Planning & Compliance | Accounting Kreinces Rollins & Shanker, LLC William Paterson University of New Jersey Paramus, New Jersey 138 138 connections Send InMail Broad experience in areas of accounting, compilations, reviews, and taxation involving closely held businesses; serve as the liaison between the Partners, the clients, and the professional staff; manage multiple accounting, compilation, review, tax projects, and client engagements simultaneously; responsible for scheduling, staffing, and coordinating engagement workflow; develop and train staff and help build relationships to assist in developing new business for the firm. Paramus, New Jersey-based Kreinces Rollins & Shanker Certified Public Accountants (KRS) are known for being responsive and following through for clients. The firm’s goal is to make it as easy as possible for clients to get the advice and counsel needed, so they can focus on living their lives and running their businesses. Partners Brad Kreinces, Maria Rollins, and Jerry Shanker started KRS a decade ago with an entrepreneurial spirit, high standards, and solution-oriented expertise. They believe that clients benefit the most when they have a trusting working relationship with an accountant who “has their back” in both personal finance and business matters. KRS has been honored by NJBIZ as one of the Best Places to Work in New Jersey for five consecutive years, and has also been named one of the Best Firms to Work For by Accounting Today. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager Company Name Kreinces Rollins & Shanker, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos Location Paramus, NJ Full service public accounting firm providing accounting, auditing, management consulting, tax planning and compliance, human resources and personnel management, litigation support and business valuation, and outsourced bookkeeping services. Serves a variety of clients and industries, including food services, real estate, staffing companies, international business, manufacturing and distribution, and health and home health care. Staff Accountant Company Name Donald L. English & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Dumont, New Jersey Education William Paterson University of New Jersey Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Berkeley College-Woodland Park Degree Name Associate of Science (A.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 5 of Giovanni’s colleagues at KRS CPAs, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 9 endorsements for Auditing 9 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Giovanni’s colleagues at KRS CPAs, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 7 endorsements for CPA 7 CPA Endorsed by Brad Kreinces, CPA, CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Giovanni’s colleagues at KRS CPAs, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Giovanni has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Fellow Member of the New Jersey Society of Certified Public Accountants Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Certified Public Accountant in the State of New Jersey New Jersey Society of Certified Public Accountants Federal and State Taxation Interest Group Giovanni has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Italian Interests William Paterson University of New Jersey 45,678 followers Berkeley College 39,762 followers New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members William Paterson University of New Jersey 47,376 followers KRS CPAs, LLC 271 followers Berkeley College 42,203 followers
More Actions Amy has a account Amy O'Connell Senior Provider Engagement Strategy Consultant at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Iowa State University Chicago, Illinois 332 332 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Provider Engagement Strategy Consultant Company Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Engage providers in Value Based Care models that reflect innovative ways to buy careNegotiate and finalize Value Based Care contracts Interface between various internal business, technical and analytical teams to achieve goals Create tools to assess and track strategic opportunities including comprehensive Provider ManualsCreate quality metrics and bonus criteria for physicians meeting strict financial goals Tax Accountant III Company Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Researched Affordable Care Act regulations and provided guidance regarding complianceDeveloped healthcare presentation materials adopted for use by management and executivesAnalyzed mergers and acquisitions and developed tax savings ideas Senior Associate Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Met with clients to perform in-depth reviews to analyze and implement business requirementsManaged projects from start to finish including time budget, calculations, and deliverablesTrained and reviewed the work of offshore tax specialists, interns and newer staff employees Associate Federal Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Researched and responded to notices from IRS and various state and local taxing authoritiesPrepared and reviewed consolidated returns with filing requirements in all 50 statesAnalyzed financial statements and client documentation in determining appropriate tax treatment Corporate Accountant Company Name National Surgical Hospitals Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Created financial reports while supporting all areas of responsibility within a 4 person teamDrafted all corporate journal entries and coordinated monthly payments between 20 facilitiesForecasted losses and earnings allowing the company to budget, manage and invest resources See more positions Education Iowa State University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Dairy Science Club University of Valencia Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2003 Study Abroad, summer 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Statements See 10 endorsements for Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements Casey LaRue and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Casey LaRue and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 8 endorsements for General Ledger 8 General Ledger Casey LaRue and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Iowa State University 160,757 followers Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas 34,219 followers KPMG US 455,526 followers Iowa State University 166,215 followers
More Actions Rory has a account Rory Whipple Payroll Tax Specialist at OneSource Virtual Apex Tax Group LLC Brigham Young University—J. Reuben Clark Law School Phoenix, Arizona Area 293 293 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Manager/Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Apex Tax Group LLC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area Payroll Tax Specialist Company Name OneSource Virtual Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Mesa, Arizona Manager/Attorney Company Name Whipple Law Firm, PLC Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 4 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name 1800Accountant Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Tempe, Arizona Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Lowy's Tax Planning & Accounting, PLLC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area See more positions Education Brigham Young University—J. Reuben Clark Law School Degree Name Juris Doctor Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rory’s colleagues at 1-800Accountant Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at 1-800Accountant Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Frances Stickel, EA MBA CFP and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Accounting Professionals USA 5,417 members Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business 35,292 followers Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business 37,925 followers 1-800Accountant 745 followers The BYU Network 52,062 members Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark T. has a account Mark T. Moore, CPA, MTX - Tax Specialist CPA, MTX, Director/Shareholder at Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants Washington and Lee University Greater Denver Area 159 159 connections Send InMail Mark T. Moore, CPA, MTX - Income Tax Specialist with Hanson & Co. Certified Public Accountants provides tax and small business accounting services. His concentrations include oil and gas, professional corporations, and fiduciary services. Mark has been in public accounting since 1988. His practice focuses on attentive client service and attention to detail. Mark’s interest in the oil and gas industry started with his grandparents. His maternal grandfather was an executive with a public exploration company. His other grandfather owned land, oil and gas royalty interests, and working interests in Oklahoma. As a young accountant, Mark assisted with the administration of their estates. He became a shareholder in the exploration company and received a divided share of the royalty and working interests. The experiences enhanced his knowledge of inheritance tax law and income tax for estates and caused him to have a direct interest in oil and gas accounting and taxation. Throughout his career, due to his interest and experience, Mark’s practice has included a concentration of oil and gas investors and professionals. He helped his clients take advantage of the unique planning opportunities provided by oil and gas investments and invests in oil working interests, himself. In 2001, Mark joined Hanson & Co. CPAs, an accounting firm with an established practice of providing well accounting for oil and gas and the related tax services. In addition to his oil and gas concentration, a large portion of his career has been dedicated to accounting and tax services to estates and trust. Over the years, he has served as a fiduciary for clients and family members. Through his experience, he has developed a number of estate and income tax saving strategies. Aside from his specialties, Mark has a general practice serving the accounting and tax needs of individuals and small businesses. Specialties: Tax research, planning, compliance and accounting services with emphasis in fiduciary tax services, oil and gas, professional corporation, and gift and estate See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director/Shareholder Company Name Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants Education Washington and Lee University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Magna Cum Laude Old Dominion University Degree Name MTX Field Of Study Taxation Activities and Societies: Phi Kappa Phi, Beta Alpha Psi Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Chris Klapp and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 14 endorsements for Income Tax 14 Income Tax Adam Morris and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 9 endorsements for CPA 9 CPA Adam Morris and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Washington and Lee University 18,119 followers Old Dominion University 95,845 followers Old Dominion University 90,601 followers Washington and Lee University 17,440 followers Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants 306 followers Hottel & Willis, P.C. 110 followers
More Actions Sherif has a account Sherif Saad ACCOUNTANT SENOIR TAX ACCOUNTANT David N. Myers University Daytona Beach, Florida Area 274 274 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name SENOIR TAX ACCOUNTANT Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Education David N. Myers University Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements REO See 26 endorsements for REO 26 REO Yasser Saad, Ph.D. and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FHA See 25 endorsements for FHA 25 FHA Frank Carr and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Properties See 23 endorsements for Investment Properties 23 Investment Properties Endorsed by Wally Maroon, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests David N. Myers University 2,293 followers RhinoLending.com 244 followers David N. Myers University 2,322 followers
More Actions Rachel has a account Rachel McBride, CPA Tax Accountant at The Empire District Electric Company The Empire District Electric Company Missouri Southern State University Carthage, Missouri 147 147 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name The Empire District Electric Company Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Joplin, Missouri Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Leggett & Platt Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs Staff Accountant Company Name Mense, Churchwell & Mense Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Tax Intern Company Name Leggett & Platt Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Executive Assistant Company Name Boys and Girls Clubs of America Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Missouri Southern State University Degree Name B.S.B.A. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 5 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 9 endorsements for Tax Research 9 Tax Research Endorsed by 6 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 6 endorsements for Tax Accounting 6 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Rachel’s colleagues at Leggett & Platt Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rachel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,706 members The Empire District Electric Company 1,039 followers Leggett & Platt 10,328 followers
More Actions Rory has a account Rory Whipple Payroll Tax Specialist at OneSource Virtual Apex Tax Group LLC Brigham Young University—J. Reuben Clark Law School Phoenix, Arizona Area 293 293 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Manager/Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Apex Tax Group LLC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area Payroll Tax Specialist Company Name OneSource Virtual Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Mesa, Arizona Manager/Attorney Company Name Whipple Law Firm, PLC Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 4 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name 1800Accountant Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Tempe, Arizona Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Lowy's Tax Planning & Accounting, PLLC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area See more positions Education Brigham Young University—J. Reuben Clark Law School Degree Name Juris Doctor Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rory’s colleagues at 1-800Accountant Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at 1-800Accountant Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Frances Stickel, EA MBA CFP and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J. Reuben Clark Law Society (JRCLS) 3,469 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members Accounting Professionals USA 5,417 members Brigham Young University—J. Reuben Clark Law School 4,184 followers Lowy's Tax Planning & Accounting, PLLC 26 followers Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business 35,292 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account Amy O'Connell Senior Provider Engagement Strategy Consultant at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Iowa State University Chicago, Illinois 332 332 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Provider Engagement Strategy Consultant Company Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Engage providers in Value Based Care models that reflect innovative ways to buy careNegotiate and finalize Value Based Care contracts Interface between various internal business, technical and analytical teams to achieve goals Create tools to assess and track strategic opportunities including comprehensive Provider ManualsCreate quality metrics and bonus criteria for physicians meeting strict financial goals Tax Accountant III Company Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Researched Affordable Care Act regulations and provided guidance regarding complianceDeveloped healthcare presentation materials adopted for use by management and executivesAnalyzed mergers and acquisitions and developed tax savings ideas Senior Associate Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Met with clients to perform in-depth reviews to analyze and implement business requirementsManaged projects from start to finish including time budget, calculations, and deliverablesTrained and reviewed the work of offshore tax specialists, interns and newer staff employees Associate Federal Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Researched and responded to notices from IRS and various state and local taxing authoritiesPrepared and reviewed consolidated returns with filing requirements in all 50 statesAnalyzed financial statements and client documentation in determining appropriate tax treatment Corporate Accountant Company Name National Surgical Hospitals Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Created financial reports while supporting all areas of responsibility within a 4 person teamDrafted all corporate journal entries and coordinated monthly payments between 20 facilitiesForecasted losses and earnings allowing the company to budget, manage and invest resources See more positions Education Iowa State University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Dairy Science Club University of Valencia Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2003 Study Abroad, summer 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Statements See 10 endorsements for Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements Casey LaRue and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Casey LaRue and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 8 endorsements for General Ledger 8 General Ledger Casey LaRue and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests KPMG US 455,526 followers Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma & Texas 34,219 followers Iowa State University 160,757 followers Iowa State University 166,215 followers
More Actions Sherif has a account Sherif Saad ACCOUNTANT SENOIR TAX ACCOUNTANT David N. Myers University Daytona Beach, Florida Area 274 274 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name SENOIR TAX ACCOUNTANT Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Education David N. Myers University Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements REO See 26 endorsements for REO 26 REO Yasser Saad, Ph.D. and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FHA See 25 endorsements for FHA 25 FHA Frank Carr and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Properties See 23 endorsements for Investment Properties 23 Investment Properties Endorsed by Wally Maroon, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RhinoLending.com 244 followers David N. Myers University 2,293 followers David N. Myers University 2,322 followers
More Actions Cynthia has a account Cynthia King, CPA Director at CBIZ MHM, LLC CBIZ MHM, LLC University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Greater Chicago Area 215 215 connections Send InMail Specialties: Real Estate, Pass-Through Entity Taxation, Individual and Trust Taxation, Multi-State Taxation, Tax Free Exchanges Highlights Experience Senior Manager Company Name CBIZ MHM, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name Master of Science in Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Graduated with Honors Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cynthia has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests CBIZ MHM, LLC 7,641 followers Alpha Phi Alumni 7,583 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,541 followers UIUC Networking 39,739 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,766 followers
More Actions Jackie has a account Jackie Qiu, CPA USAA Tax Accountant USAA University of Houston-Clear Lake San Antonio, Texas Area 183 183 connections Send InMail Superior work ethic and dedication to the work quality and job excellence; experience with federal, state and foreign taxation issues for corporations, partnerships, private REIT and individuals. Served clients in various industries to include banking, real estate development, manufacturing and non-profit organizations with firm understanding of financial accounting practices. Ability to interact effectively with external service providers and members of the accounting, financial and tax departments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Analyst I Company Name USAA Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area Three days new employee orientaion is amazing. 54 people joined the company one day and HR told this was nothing. One time, they had over 120. USAA is commited to serve military and their families with passion and integrity. I am still moved by many stories I heard. Believe or not, I got to taste MRE (Meals Ready to Eat), a meal package which was warmed up by chemical reaction. It was amazing. I am glad that I am a member of USAA. I have already switched my auto insurance, rental property insurance, renter insurance to USAA and saved couple hundreds premiums withbest coverages for my needs. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Durbin Bennett Peterson - Tax Advisors, LLP Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Austin, Texas Area Prepare complex corporation, partnership and individual tax returns (Federal and State)Prepare quarterly corporate and individual tax provisionsPrepare Estates and Trusts tax returnsPrepare private REIT Tax return and reporting Form 1099Prepare Private Foundation returnsAssisted in IRS audit preparation and other special projectsPrepare foreign information tax returns and foreign tax withholding compliance and reporting requirements ( Form 5471, Form 8858, Form 1042-S and TDF 90-22.1)Perform analysis to help discern appropriate tax accounting treatment of tax items using RIA checkpoint and various internet resources. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Calhoun,Thomson and Matza, LLP, CPA Firm Austin, TX, BDO Seidman Alliance Member Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos  Prepared and reviewed complex corporation, partnership and individual tax returns (Federal and State) Reviewed quarterly corporate and individual tax provisions Supervised and reviewed work product of staff tax accountants Managed billing for various clients  Researched and resolved technical accounting and tax issues using RIA checkpoint and various internet resources. Written up clients’ financial using QuickBooks Senior Accountant Company Name Temple-Inland, Inc Dates Employed Feb 1997 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Location Austin TX Senior Financial Reporting Accountant  Reconciled bank statements Interfaced with treasurer on various financial and accounting issues Administered stock based compensation Managed long term debt Prepared consolidated financial statements Prepared SEC reportsSenior Tax Accountant  Prepared federal and state tax returns, tax provision calculations and quarterly estimated tax payments and the annual extension payments Perform analysis to help discern appropriate tax accounting treatment of tax items Assisted in IRS audit preparation and other special projects Prepared FAS 109 summary and Uniform Capitalization project Performed system administration services for tax software: CorpTax designed by Deloitte & Touche General Ledger Accountant  Accurately recorded daily, weekly and monthly accounting transactions Performed analytical reviews of monthly P&L and balance sheet statements Identified, researched and communicated unusual variances Recorded and reconciled inter-company transactions Served as business unit/plant liaison and resolved payables, payroll, receivables, credit and collections issues Performed miscellaneous financial project assignments Education University of Houston-Clear Lake Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Graduated in 1996 with Master in Accounting Canton Foreign Language University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Chinese/ English Translation Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 15 endorsements for Accounting 15 Accounting Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 10 endorsements for QuickBooks 10 QuickBooks Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jackie has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Army National Guard 65,709 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers USAA 126,009 followers
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Murray M&A Tax Partner at KPMG KPMG LLP Villanova University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a proven leader with more than 25 years of tax experience in structuring, planning, and compliance for public and privately held targets. I have extensive experience in all aspects of cross border tax structuring and due diligence, including U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes; state and local sales and use taxes; payroll; and other miscellaneous taxes. I am well versed in advising private equity firms and multinational corporations regarding the tax aspects of cross-border merger and acquisition transactions and tax minimization structures. My experience includes almost 20 years of advising private equity funds across all industries and geographies. Specialties: acquisitions, cross border taxation, corporate tax, financial modeling, joint ventures, mergers, private equity, restructuring, strategy, tax compliance and planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Joseph’s Activity 1,058 followers Based on the current signatories, and subject to ratification, the MLI will result in changes to over 1,100 treaties Joseph shared this Creating an inclusive and diverse culture requires more than words. It must be developed through strategies and actions designed to attract, hire and retain women, says Lynne Doughtie, Chairman and CEO of KPMG U.S. #InspireGreatness Joseph shared this KPMG's 2017 CEO Outlook is out, which finds that 46% of US CEOs “highly confident” in growth prospects in next 3 yrs. For more, go to: http://bit.ly/2rW6pBz http://bit.ly/2thBY6Q Joseph shared this KPMG's Jesse Eggert: "This is something that companies are going to need to pay close attention to because the decisions countries make when they sign up to the MLI will have very significant tax consequences." Joseph shared this New York #KPMG Insurance Tax team volunteers much time to communities in April & May, including holiday weekend Joseph shared this KPMG shares What’s News in Tax offering FAQs around taxes and the American Health Care Act Joseph shared this See all activity Experience Regional Partner in Charge, M&A Tax | KPMG US Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed May 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area I am the Partner-in-Charge of KPMG’s East Region M&A Tax practice, specializing in mergers, acquisitions, and divestiture planning. I advise clients on all tax aspects of cross-border and domestic merger, acquisition, divestiture and joint venture transactions. I also advise troubled companies on the preservation of, and maximizing the utilization of, net operating losses ("NOLs") and other tax attributes. I previously led KPMG’s West Region, and Southwest Area M&A Tax practices.KPMG LLP, the audit, tax and advisory firm, is the U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG International"). Thoughts expressed here are my own. Partner Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed 1993 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 15 yrs Senior Manager (M&A) Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed 2000 – 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs Tax Manager (M&A) Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Sep 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Staff - Manager Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Sep 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Education Villanova University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 Drexel University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 Central High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1984 Featured Skills & Endorsements Due Diligence See 43 endorsements for Due Diligence 43 Due Diligence Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Joseph’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 32 endorsements for Tax 32 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Joseph’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 31 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 31 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 8 of Joseph’s colleagues at KPMG US Endorsed by 10 people who know Mergers & Acquisitions Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Bharat Shah Accounting & Finance Executive January 25, 2013, Bharat worked with Joseph in the same group I have worked alongside Bharat and observed a first class financial professional on some very challenging assignments. He also hasvery strong moral and ethical values. I highly recommend Bharat. Accomplishments Joseph has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification AICPA Joseph has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Joseph has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization NYSCPA Interests XIO Group 700 followers Wafra Partners LLC 578 followers Drexel University 127,298 followers Villanova University Alumni Network 30,161 members Global Private Equity and Capital Group 3,847 members Oil and Gas Investor 18,765 members See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Moore, CPA Senior Accountant at Contractors Incorporated Contractors Inc University of Mississippi Greater Memphis Area 215 215 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name Contractors Inc Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Accountant Company Name Contractors Inc Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Memphis, TN Media (1) This position has 1 media Contractors Incorporated | Single Source Provider of Interior and Exterior Renovation, Restoration and Maintenance Services Contractors Incorporated | Single Source Provider of Interior and Exterior Renovation, Restoration and Maintenance Services This media is a link Senior Financial Analyst Company Name National Restaurant Association Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Chicago, IL Accounting Manager Company Name National Restaurant Association Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Location Chicago, IL Assistant Controller Company Name Carlisle Corporation Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Memphis, TN Education University of Mississippi Degree Name Bachelor of Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 University of Mississippi Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by 11 of Michelle’s colleagues at National Restaurant Association Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 27 endorsements for Budgets 27 Budgets Minyon Jordan and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 25 endorsements for Financial Reporting 25 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 11 of Michelle’s colleagues at National Restaurant Association Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michelle has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Concur 19,390 members Monogram Foods 3,820 followers University of Mississippi 72,611 followers Harry Caray's Restaurant Group 4,530 followers Contractors Inc 456 followers Ole Miss Alumni Association 8,155 members See all See all following
More Actions ADAM has a account ADAM LEVINE, CPA at Levine & Associates, LLC Levine & Associates, LLC University of Alabama Birmingham, Alabama Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My experiences is wide across several areas of business: Corporate Tax Preparation Individual Tax Preparation Bookkeeping, Payroll & Sales Taxes Preparation Financial Statement Preparation Business Consulting QuickBooks SAP Implementation Financial Planning, Insurance & Investment Tax Planning Payroll Processing & Employee Leasing Consulting Equipment Lease Finance Consulting Business Planning Specialties: Corporate & Individual Tax Advisory Services & Prepartation, QuickBooks Consulting, SAP Implementation, Reconstituting accounting systems that have crashed, working with companies in turnaround situations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Levine & Associates, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 4 mos Public AccountingIncome Tax Preparation-Individual-Partnership-S-Corporation-C-Corporation-Payroll Taxes-Sales Taxes-IRS AuditAccounting-Quickbooks Consulting-Quickbooks and Accounting Operations Training-Cash Reconciliation-Accounts Payable & Accounts Receivables-Inventory-Reconstruct Books after Loss of Accounting Data-SAP Implementation Consultant Accountant Company Name Ellison & Associates, PA Dates Employed Dec 1993 – Apr 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Bessemer, AL Accountant Company Name Kassouf & Company Dates Employed Jan 1991 – Jan 1992 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Education University of Alabama Degree Name Business Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Emily Byrd Marketing and Development Coordinator at Corporate Realty Associates, Inc. October 23, 2012, Emily was a client of ADAM’S Adam never fails to impress me with his performance and attitude towards his work. He strives to not just stay on top of, but stay ahead of the game on all buisness needs dealing with handling your finances. Adam is not just an accountant, he is a business planner. Emily Byrd Marketing and Development Coordinator at Corporate Realty Associates, Inc. October 23, 2012, Emily worked with ADAM in the same group Emily is solid sales professional who provides excellent service to her clients. Emily is the kind of person you can count on to take care of you because she focuses on developing a long term relationship. John Browning President, Cahaba Valley Computer Services, LLC July 31, 2009, ADAM was a client of John’s I am CPA and I have been in business for myself for many years. A dependable computer operating system is great importance to me. Whenever, I had a problem of any kind. John or his staff would come by with 24 hours for to fix the problem. I give John high recommendations. Please call me at 205-382-2501. Accomplishments Interests SAP Career Opportunities Group 142,041 members The University of Alabama 151,011 followers The University of Alabama 157,680 followers Allstate 149,503 followers Better Business Value Network 522 members eMarketing Association Network 912,720 members
More Actions TAX has a account TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP at Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Greece 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP Company Name Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) 5 followers
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Lackie CPA President / Principal - Mark B Lackie, PC CPA Mark B Lackie, PC The University of Texas at San Antonio San Antonio, Texas Area 484 484 connections Send InMail I have worked in accounting (either public or private) since 1985. I started out as a staff accountant for a local CPA firm and then went to work for one of my clients. I have experience in all areas of accounting including tax preparation and representation, financial statements (from compilations to audits), consulting services, litigation support services and all types of consulting projects. One of my accomplishments was the development of a cash tracing spreadsheet that one of my employers used in large divorce engagements. I also worked on the airport capital improvement program that was in excess of $400 million. I served as a member of the advisory panel of the Small Business Advisory Council of the National Republican Party. I have also served tor 3 years as a volunteer site examiner for the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy overseeing the testing centers in San Antonio. Specialties: CPAs in the State of Texas are not allowed to claim expertise in any industries. I do have experience in the following industries: law firms, physician offices, construction, wholesale trade, light manufacturing, professional services, nonprofit organizations, real estate, rental properties, travel agencies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name Mark B Lackie, PC Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area After 22 years in accounting, I have started my own practice focusing primarily on small business and home based businesses. My wife Rhonda primarily handles the Quickbooks consulting and small business bookkeeping while I focus on the small businesses. Audit Partner Company Name Britts Lackie & Assoc CPA Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs I started out as an audit manager and then advanced to audit partner. I left this company to start my own accounting / consulting firm. Controller Company Name Paesanos Restaurant Group Dates Employed 1996 – 2000 Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior Auditor Company Name Hardin Wolff Bradley & Co CPAs Dates Employed Feb 1985 – 1996 Employment Duration 11 yrs I started out as a staff acountant in the tax department and moved into the audit department with primary responsibilitiy of audits of employee benefit plans and the fulfillment of various business entity engagements. Education The University of Texas at San Antonio Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 The University of Texas at San Antonio Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Churchill High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 64 endorsements for Accounting 64 Accounting Endorsed by Jamie Clark, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 57 endorsements for Tax 57 Tax Patrick Shannon and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 43 endorsements for Small Business 43 Small Business Endorsed by Carlos Zubillaga, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (11) Patrick Shannon -- July 30, 2013, Patrick was a client of Mark’s Mark is a wonderful person to work with. I have been one of his clients for three years and am extremely satisfied with his services. Kevin Cooley Drum Circle Facilitator/Corporate Trainer April 5, 2012, Kevin was a client of Mark’s Mark is everything you could want in a CPA. He is incredibly knowledgeable and will always let me know what my options are. More importantly, he keeps me out of trouble. If you are like me, there are things you don't want to have to worry about all the time....taxes is one of those things for me. Do yourself a favor, let Mark handle that part of your business for you. Once you do that, you can then concentrate on building your business and making more money!!! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Melinda Hipp Open Mortgage - San Antonio, Branch Manager and Reverse Mortgage Specialist with "The Hipp Team"​ NMLS #219085 June 27, 2012, Mark worked with Melinda but at different companies I have known Melinda for about 2 years as I helped her create a business networking group. While I have not worked directly with her on a loan, I have heard the experience that other people had with Melinda and all of them gave raving testimonials about their experience working with Melinda. When working with Melinda, you know that you will be well taken care of and get the best results that would be possible for your personal situation. Kevin Cooley Drum Circle Facilitator/Corporate Trainer April 5, 2012, Kevin worked with Mark in the same group Kevin and I were directors with BNI San Antonio at the same time. I have since left the director role but Kevin continues in that role today. I have attended presentations that Kevin has presented as a BNI Director and I have participated as a co-presenter with Kevin as well. In addition, I have participated in a drum circle with Kevin on a couple of occassions. Kevin is a wonderful presenter that has a passion for teaching. The presentations that he gives have been educational as well as entertaining. Kevin is a master at keeping the participants engaged and focused on the materials.As a participant in drum circles, they are fun team building exercises that helps improve the dynamics of any groups. They are fun and challenging and I learned I still do not have rhythm but it did not prevent me from having fun. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests The University of Texas at San Antonio 98,274 followers Mark B Lackie, PC 13 followers BNI Global 46,584 followers The University of Texas at San Antonio 93,190 followers
More Actions Tobias has a account Tobias Clary, CPA, CVA Partner at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Colorado State University Fort Collins, Colorado Area 309 309 connections Send InMail Qualified, experienced Certified Public Accountant and Certified Valuation Analyst in Fort Collins, CO. Years of performing a wide range of accounting, auditing and tax activities, along with an expertise in business valuation services have allowed me to form life-long relationships with my clients and serve as their trusted advisor. Involvement in accounting and valuation services within various industries such as Construction, Dental, Health Care, and Retail has given me the unique ability to effectively work with small business owners as well as large corporations. Every client’s business is unique; I strive to work with each and every one to make sure they understand all tax processes and procedures. I am committed to effectively communicating in order to identify all deductions and credits in which each client is entitled to, leading to the preparation and filing of accurate tax returns. In addition to tax compliance, the importance of tax planning will not be overlooked. With the intention of maximizing income after taxes, my adeptness in tax saving strategies will ensure that each client is capable of reducing their tax liability as much as possible. With a special expertise in preparing and reviewing business valuations for gifting, divorce, ESOP, mergers and acquisition purposes, I am able to provide clients with a valuation opinion that is accurately and comprehensively obtained. I am committed to gaining an in-depth knowledge of each business and working with my clients to analyze financial data to provide an accurate estimation of value. Specialties: Tax Advisory Services, Tax Planning and Compliance, Audit Services, Internal Control Reviews, CVA certification, Business Valuations, Special Expertise with Small Business Owners, Construction, Dentists, Health Care, Retail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Fort Collins, Colorado Area CPA Company Name Soukup, Bush and Associates, CPAs Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Fort Collins, Colorado Area Prepare and review income tax returns for number of clients including Individuals, Corporations, Partnerships, Private Foundations and Trusts. Responsible for tax planning and cashflow management of clientele. Strong focus on preparation and analysis of business valuation services for clients as one of firm’s two C.V.A’s. Also in charge of audit and review attestation engagements on both small to mid size companies and not for profit entities. Practice Consultant Company Name Ascend Dental Consulting Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Fort Collins, Colorado Area Created Ascend Dental Consulting, subsidiary of Soukup, Bush & Associates. Provide financial consulting services and practice management solutions to local dental practices. Focus on financial planning, financial monitoring, retirement financial planning, and practice valuation services. Tax Accountant Company Name Geyer and Associates Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Fort Collins, Colorado Area Prepared Individual, Corporate, Partnership, Estate, Gift and Trust income tax returns. Prepared payroll tax reports, as well as specialized in tax planning, tax saving strategies, and managing cash flow for clients. Compiled monthly financial statements and was in charge of reporting for small businesses. Specialized in negotiation of long-term contracts, business acquisitions and depository issues. Education Colorado State University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 17 endorsements for Tax Preparation 17 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Sharon Ross, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Tobias’ colleagues at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Scott Bush, CPA, CVA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 16 endorsements for Tax Advisory 16 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 2 of Tobias’ colleagues at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Ryan Sahd Senior Vice President - FirstBank November 1, 2013, Ryan was a client of Tobias’ Toby and Scott of Soukup, Bush and Associates were able to provide us with good insight on business valuation and other tax related topics. They are a firm with a good reputation in the community as well as honest and knowledgeable staff. I certainly recommend them to our clients. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tobias has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course CVA Certification Courses Interests Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. 109 followers Colorado State University Alumni Association 19,048 members Colorado State University 190,472 followers Ascend Dental Consulting 37 followers Colorado State University 198,953 followers
More Actions Jackie has a account Jackie Qiu, CPA USAA Tax Accountant USAA University of Houston-Clear Lake San Antonio, Texas Area 183 183 connections Send InMail Superior work ethic and dedication to the work quality and job excellence; experience with federal, state and foreign taxation issues for corporations, partnerships, private REIT and individuals. Served clients in various industries to include banking, real estate development, manufacturing and non-profit organizations with firm understanding of financial accounting practices. Ability to interact effectively with external service providers and members of the accounting, financial and tax departments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Analyst I Company Name USAA Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area Three days new employee orientaion is amazing. 54 people joined the company one day and HR told this was nothing. One time, they had over 120. USAA is commited to serve military and their families with passion and integrity. I am still moved by many stories I heard. Believe or not, I got to taste MRE (Meals Ready to Eat), a meal package which was warmed up by chemical reaction. It was amazing. I am glad that I am a member of USAA. I have already switched my auto insurance, rental property insurance, renter insurance to USAA and saved couple hundreds premiums withbest coverages for my needs. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Durbin Bennett Peterson - Tax Advisors, LLP Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Austin, Texas Area Prepare complex corporation, partnership and individual tax returns (Federal and State)Prepare quarterly corporate and individual tax provisionsPrepare Estates and Trusts tax returnsPrepare private REIT Tax return and reporting Form 1099Prepare Private Foundation returnsAssisted in IRS audit preparation and other special projectsPrepare foreign information tax returns and foreign tax withholding compliance and reporting requirements ( Form 5471, Form 8858, Form 1042-S and TDF 90-22.1)Perform analysis to help discern appropriate tax accounting treatment of tax items using RIA checkpoint and various internet resources. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Calhoun,Thomson and Matza, LLP, CPA Firm Austin, TX, BDO Seidman Alliance Member Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos  Prepared and reviewed complex corporation, partnership and individual tax returns (Federal and State) Reviewed quarterly corporate and individual tax provisions Supervised and reviewed work product of staff tax accountants Managed billing for various clients  Researched and resolved technical accounting and tax issues using RIA checkpoint and various internet resources. Written up clients’ financial using QuickBooks Senior Accountant Company Name Temple-Inland, Inc Dates Employed Feb 1997 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Location Austin TX Senior Financial Reporting Accountant  Reconciled bank statements Interfaced with treasurer on various financial and accounting issues Administered stock based compensation Managed long term debt Prepared consolidated financial statements Prepared SEC reportsSenior Tax Accountant  Prepared federal and state tax returns, tax provision calculations and quarterly estimated tax payments and the annual extension payments Perform analysis to help discern appropriate tax accounting treatment of tax items Assisted in IRS audit preparation and other special projects Prepared FAS 109 summary and Uniform Capitalization project Performed system administration services for tax software: CorpTax designed by Deloitte & Touche General Ledger Accountant  Accurately recorded daily, weekly and monthly accounting transactions Performed analytical reviews of monthly P&L and balance sheet statements Identified, researched and communicated unusual variances Recorded and reconciled inter-company transactions Served as business unit/plant liaison and resolved payables, payroll, receivables, credit and collections issues Performed miscellaneous financial project assignments Education University of Houston-Clear Lake Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Graduated in 1996 with Master in Accounting Canton Foreign Language University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Chinese/ English Translation Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 15 endorsements for Accounting 15 Accounting Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 10 endorsements for QuickBooks 10 QuickBooks Todd Lively, CPA, MA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jackie has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests USAA 126,010 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers Army National Guard 65,709 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers
More Actions TAX has a account TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP at Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Greece 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience TAX ACCOUNTANT GROUP Company Name Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Accounting Insurance & Tax Services (AITS) 5 followers
More Actions Nikkie has a account Nikkie Cao, MST Tax Accountant Cantor Fitzgerald Pace University - Lubin School of Business Greater New York City Area 234 234 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Oracle E-Business Suite Oracle E-Business Suite No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills CorpTax See 1 endorsement for CorpTax 1 CorpTax Wanjing Zhang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills OTP See 1 endorsement for OTP 1 OTP Wanjing Zhang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Deloitte 2,201,870 followers Sigma Alpha Delta Honor Society 446 members CHANEL 491,817 followers EY 1,748,669 followers KPMG US 455,526 followers Baruch College 114,188 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Lackie CPA President / Principal - Mark B Lackie, PC CPA Mark B Lackie, PC The University of Texas at San Antonio San Antonio, Texas Area 484 484 connections Send InMail I have worked in accounting (either public or private) since 1985. I started out as a staff accountant for a local CPA firm and then went to work for one of my clients. I have experience in all areas of accounting including tax preparation and representation, financial statements (from compilations to audits), consulting services, litigation support services and all types of consulting projects. One of my accomplishments was the development of a cash tracing spreadsheet that one of my employers used in large divorce engagements. I also worked on the airport capital improvement program that was in excess of $400 million. I served as a member of the advisory panel of the Small Business Advisory Council of the National Republican Party. I have also served tor 3 years as a volunteer site examiner for the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy overseeing the testing centers in San Antonio. Specialties: CPAs in the State of Texas are not allowed to claim expertise in any industries. I do have experience in the following industries: law firms, physician offices, construction, wholesale trade, light manufacturing, professional services, nonprofit organizations, real estate, rental properties, travel agencies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 64 endorsements for Accounting 64 Accounting Endorsed by Jamie Clark, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 57 endorsements for Tax 57 Tax Patrick Shannon and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 43 endorsements for Small Business 43 Small Business Endorsed by Carlos Zubillaga, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (11) Patrick Shannon -- July 30, 2013, Patrick was a client of Mark’s Mark is a wonderful person to work with. I have been one of his clients for three years and am extremely satisfied with his services. Kevin Cooley Drum Circle Facilitator/Corporate Trainer April 5, 2012, Kevin was a client of Mark’s Mark is everything you could want in a CPA. He is incredibly knowledgeable and will always let me know what my options are. More importantly, he keeps me out of trouble. If you are like me, there are things you don't want to have to worry about all the time....taxes is one of those things for me. Do yourself a favor, let Mark handle that part of your business for you. Once you do that, you can then concentrate on building your business and making more money!!! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Melinda Hipp Open Mortgage - San Antonio, Branch Manager and Reverse Mortgage Specialist with "The Hipp Team"​ NMLS #219085 June 27, 2012, Mark worked with Melinda but at different companies I have known Melinda for about 2 years as I helped her create a business networking group. While I have not worked directly with her on a loan, I have heard the experience that other people had with Melinda and all of them gave raving testimonials about their experience working with Melinda. When working with Melinda, you know that you will be well taken care of and get the best results that would be possible for your personal situation. Kevin Cooley Drum Circle Facilitator/Corporate Trainer April 5, 2012, Kevin worked with Mark in the same group Kevin and I were directors with BNI San Antonio at the same time. I have since left the director role but Kevin continues in that role today. I have attended presentations that Kevin has presented as a BNI Director and I have participated as a co-presenter with Kevin as well. In addition, I have participated in a drum circle with Kevin on a couple of occassions. Kevin is a wonderful presenter that has a passion for teaching. The presentations that he gives have been educational as well as entertaining. Kevin is a master at keeping the participants engaged and focused on the materials.As a participant in drum circles, they are fun team building exercises that helps improve the dynamics of any groups. They are fun and challenging and I learned I still do not have rhythm but it did not prevent me from having fun. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Interests The University of Texas at San Antonio 98,274 followers BNI Global 46,584 followers The University of Texas at San Antonio 93,190 followers Mark B Lackie, PC 13 followers
More Actions Rhonda has a account Rhonda Mitchell, CPA, MBA Senior Tax Accountant at Hertzbach Hertzbach University of Notre Dame Washington D.C. Metro Area 87 87 connections Send InMail I have tax consulting and compliance experience in multiple areas including individual, employee benefit, trust, corporate, consolidated corporate, and partnership entities. Additional career highlights include tax estimates and provision (ASC 740), tax software administration, and tax research. I am a licensed CPA (TN & VA). Specialties: Federal, state, local, and international income tax return preparation and review, trust and gift tax return preparation, excise/fuel tax issues, tax research, audit support, tax software administration See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 4 endorsements for Tax Preparation 4 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Rhonda’s colleagues at RailAmerica Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Rhonda’s colleagues at RailAmerica Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 3 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 3 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Monique Herndon, MBA, CPA Candidate, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at RailAmerica Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Memphis, Center for Research in Educational Policy 84,509 followers Global Tax Jobs - etaxjobs.com 18,251 members Hertzbach 801 followers University of Notre Dame 127,103 followers University of Notre Dame 111,897 followers The University of Memphis 89,718 followers See all See all following
More Actions Beth has a account Beth Franklin, CPA, MBT Tax Elf and Professor on the side Fox Tax LLC University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am passionate about surrounding myself with creative and ambitious people - I want to work with my clients to help them succeed in "making a business out of their art." Specialties: Income tax and small business consulting. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 60 endorsements for Accounting 60 Accounting Endorsed by Kevin Graff, CPA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Beth’s colleagues at Augsburg College Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 42 endorsements for QuickBooks 42 QuickBooks Joseph Mallari and 41 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by Christopher Wittich, MBT, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Beth’s colleagues at Boyum & Barenscheer PLLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Esteban Holewa C.E.O at No Walls Entertainment April 7, 2012, Esteban was a client of Beth’s Beth was easy and wonderful to work with. She was very detailed and helpful with my company's tax preparation this year. I will continue working with her for years to come. Jamie Schumacher Executive Director at the West Bank Business Association August 18, 2011, Jamie was a client of Beth’s Beth has been helping Altered Esthetics with our annual 990 for the past two years. Not only is she easy to work with and a prompt communicator, her oversight has helped us streamline our 990 filing into a painless process - no easy task! I highly recommend Beth Franklin to any nonprofit looking to simplify and organize their annual filings. Thanks Beth! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Marlene Herbst Accounting Manager at CBRE December 1, 2010, Beth reported directly to Marlene Working and training under Marlene at Carpenter Evert proved to be a postive experience for me. She had extensive relationships and experience with our clients that allowed her to provide insights and constructive teaching and leadership. She was focused on details and accuracy was always a priority. Interests Minnesota Business Owners & CEOs 1,199 members University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 42,547 followers Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance - Minneapolis/St. Paul Chapter 202 members Augsburg College 20,465 followers Minneapolis College of Art and Design 9,085 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,680 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tobias has a account Tobias Clary, CPA, CVA Partner at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Colorado State University Fort Collins, Colorado Area 309 309 connections Send InMail Qualified, experienced Certified Public Accountant and Certified Valuation Analyst in Fort Collins, CO. Years of performing a wide range of accounting, auditing and tax activities, along with an expertise in business valuation services have allowed me to form life-long relationships with my clients and serve as their trusted advisor. Involvement in accounting and valuation services within various industries such as Construction, Dental, Health Care, and Retail has given me the unique ability to effectively work with small business owners as well as large corporations. Every client’s business is unique; I strive to work with each and every one to make sure they understand all tax processes and procedures. I am committed to effectively communicating in order to identify all deductions and credits in which each client is entitled to, leading to the preparation and filing of accurate tax returns. In addition to tax compliance, the importance of tax planning will not be overlooked. With the intention of maximizing income after taxes, my adeptness in tax saving strategies will ensure that each client is capable of reducing their tax liability as much as possible. With a special expertise in preparing and reviewing business valuations for gifting, divorce, ESOP, mergers and acquisition purposes, I am able to provide clients with a valuation opinion that is accurately and comprehensively obtained. I am committed to gaining an in-depth knowledge of each business and working with my clients to analyze financial data to provide an accurate estimation of value. Specialties: Tax Advisory Services, Tax Planning and Compliance, Audit Services, Internal Control Reviews, CVA certification, Business Valuations, Special Expertise with Small Business Owners, Construction, Dentists, Health Care, Retail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 17 endorsements for Tax Preparation 17 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Sharon Ross, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Tobias’ colleagues at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Scott Bush, CPA, CVA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 16 endorsements for Tax Advisory 16 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 2 of Tobias’ colleagues at Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Interests Colorado State University Alumni Association 19,048 members Colorado State University 198,953 followers Ascend Dental Consulting 37 followers Colorado State University 190,472 followers Soukup, Bush & Associates, P.C. 109 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Fury Senior Advisor at ipCapital Group ipCapital Group University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Materials and process development executive with a broad background in introducing new production technologies and equipment into mainstream electronics manufacturing. Specific expertise areas include CMP slurries, pads, equipment and metrology; post-CMP cleaning chemistries, brushes, equipment and metrology; high purity wet process chemicals, equipment and metrology for general wafer cleaning, photoresist stripping and post-etch residue removal; low-k dielectric materials, processes and equipment; CVD and plasma etch equipment; inks, enzyme systems and electron mediators for biosensors; inks for printed electronics and related applications. Goals include new business development around nascent materials and process technologies including categories now identified as "nanotechnology" (which those of us in semiconductors have been doing for years already...). Novel applications of these technologies hold a host of opportunities for innovation and wealth creation. Specialties: Semiconductor process development; electronic materials & process development; inks for printed electronics, biosensors,gas sensors, fuel cells & solar. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements R&D See 157 endorsements for R&D 99+ R&D Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at DuPont Click and drag to reorder skills Nanotechnology See 134 endorsements for Nanotechnology 99+ Nanotechnology Endorsed by Mike Garner and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Techcet Group and the Critical Materials Council Click and drag to reorder skills Thin Films See 120 endorsements for Thin Films 99+ Thin Films Endorsed by Mark Camenzind and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at ipCapital Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (18) Steve Holland Marketing at Mega Fluid Systems September 1, 2010, Michael worked with Steve in the same group Michael is an outstanding technologist and businessman who can connect the dots and helps us all to see the big picture. And he can communicate his ideas. He is also skilled at the day to day tasks of moving things forward. It has been a great pleasure working with Mike over many years and learning from his insights in many technology and business zones. JoAnne Feeney Portfolio Manager at Advisors Capital Management August 18, 2010, JoAnne worked with Michael but at different companies Michael has profound insights into the potential of new technologies, the ability to identify paths to commercialization and growth, and the clarity of mind to convey complex ideas to both industry professionals and the financial community. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Youngho Chung Strategic Sales/Partnerships/Alliances | Business Development I Customer Success/Solution I Start-ups I Asian market April 18, 2016, Youngho worked with Michael in the same group Youngho has an instinctive talent for managing relations with customers in Korea, Taiwan and China that demonstrates a keen awareness of cultural subtleties. He deduces where the pressure points were, and knows just how hard to push, to turn prospects into orders. His prior experience at two earlier startups proved to be very productive for us at Vantage. Michael Parkin II Bringing Tech to Market and customer! September 14, 2015, Michael worked with Michael in the same group In almost 4 years of working together at Vantage Technology, Mike proved himself to be an invaluable asset in systems integration, both hardware and software. He was consistently effective in customer support in the field, and dedicated to achieving success for all installations, extending trips as necessary. He would be a valuable addition to any technology team. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Interests The Carlyle Group 57,415 followers ipCapital Licensing Company 73 followers Malema 291 followers Techcet Group and the Critical Materials Council 69 followers RightJoin, LLC 23 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 342,769 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew O'Brien, CPA Tax Accountant at The Baupost Group The Baupost Group Northeastern University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Adducci CPA, CFP, MBA Adducci Accounting Tax & Financial Services Saint Xavier University Greater Chicago Area 270 270 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by James Hedderman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 21 endorsements for Accounting 21 Accounting Jim O'Neill and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 19 endorsements for CPA 19 CPA Brendan McCormick and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) William Malan General Civil Practice Attorney March 18, 2009, William was a client of Jim’s After more than 10 years of using Turbo Tax, my wife and I had Jim Adducci do our taxes. We have an S Corp, my law office, and a part time household employee. We now have Jim do all our tax preparation and filings, and for the first time ever our household employee got her W-2 on time. Jim also offered some excellent advice that saved us a chunk in taxes this year. Great service and value. Goodbye Turbotax. William Malan General Civil Practice Attorney March 25, 2009, Jim was a client of William’s Bill is extremely knowledgeable in a wide range of legal topics. I have used him for several transactions and cases that involve real estate, contract law, employment law, and bankruptcy and estate planning. Bill provides us with superior technical expertise about these subjects, and is great source for research and information. He always puts his client's interest first, and has a proven track record of honesty and integrity. Interests Dominican University 19,266 followers DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,661 followers Saint Xavier University 17,169 followers Deloitte Employees and Alumni 54,975 members DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,958 followers Dominican University 18,077 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Berman, CPA Tax Accountant at Jane Street Capital Jane Street New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 202 202 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 5 endorsements for Hedge Funds 5 Hedge Funds Neha Berman and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 4 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 4 Partnership Taxation Shaun Greenwald, CPA MST and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 4 endorsements for Private Equity 4 Private Equity Marc A. Burton and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amanda Morgan Director of Investment Banking Recruitment, CCS at UBS January 31, 2013, Brian was a client of Amanda’s I worked with Amanda during my search and I had a great experience. She understood my goals, was there to help throughout the process, and was great about keeping me updated on any new developments. A pleasure to work with, and I strongly recommend her. Interests NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,520 members NYU Stern School of Business 89,955 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,955 followers Delta Kappa Epsilon-New York City Area 681 members Jane Street 7,347 followers KPMG US 455,526 followers See all See all following
More Actions Angela has a account Angela Fowler Tax Partner at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Raleigh, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Peter J. DeVisser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 22 endorsements for Tax Accounting 22 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Peter J. DeVisser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills FIN 48 See 15 endorsements for FIN 48 15 FIN 48 Endorsed by 5 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Feelgoodz 107 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,289 followers Carolina Alumni in the Triangle 2,170 members BDO USA, LLP 47,373 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,049 followers Smith Leonard PLLC - Accountants & Consultants 251 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lynn has a account Lynn Hopkins Owner, Lynn T. Hopkins, MBA CPA Lynn T. Hopkins, MBA CPA University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business Greater Denver Area 467 467 connections Send InMail Full service tax preparation in Lowry serving the greater Denver area including individual, business, payroll tax and consulting. Specialties: Consulting, limited Business Valuation experience, extensive taxation experience. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 27 endorsements for Tax 27 Tax Brenda Stewart and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 15 endorsements for Tax Preparation 15 Tax Preparation Mark Musselman and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 14 endorsements for Tax Advisory 14 Tax Advisory Pete Nelson and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Kristin Schmidt Realtor-The Bella Vista Group at Equity CO Real Estate February 24, 2011, Kristin was a client of Lynn’s Thank goodness for Lynn! Owing my own business, Lynn has helped me organize and file my taxes for the last two years. He is very knowledgeable and efficient. His turn around time always surprises me! Joerg Korinth Managing Partner at Sunesis Advisory Services May 11, 2009, Joerg was a client of Lynn’s In addition to being a good friend, Lynn is a superlative tax accountant who has saved me a great deal of time and money. I wholeheartedly recommend Lynn's services. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Buffs in Real Estate 520 members University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business 18,333 followers Entrepreneur Buffs 269 members AICPA 60,325 followers Leeds School of Business, University of Colorado Boulder 9,832 members University of Colorado Boulder 206,232 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew O'Brien, CPA Tax Accountant at The Baupost Group The Baupost Group Northeastern University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Lynn has a account Lynn Hopkins Owner, Lynn T. Hopkins, MBA CPA Lynn T. Hopkins, MBA CPA University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business Greater Denver Area 467 467 connections Send InMail Full service tax preparation in Lowry serving the greater Denver area including individual, business, payroll tax and consulting. Specialties: Consulting, limited Business Valuation experience, extensive taxation experience. Highlights Experience TAX MAN Company Name Lynn T. Hopkins, MBA CPA Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Professional tax preparation and consulting in Denver, Colorado. Tax Specialist for FDIC Receiverships - Project Consultant Company Name SolomonEdwardsGroup Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 mo Supervisor Company Name Hanson&CO. CPA's Dates Employed 1999 – 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name EKS&H Dates Employed 1995 – 1999 Employment Duration 4 yrs Assistant Manager Company Name McDuff Electronics Dates Employed Jun 1991 – Sep 1992 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Education University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 2004 University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name MBA, BS Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1994 Devinney Elementary, Dunstan Junior High School, Green Mountain Senior High School See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 27 endorsements for Tax 27 Tax Brenda Stewart and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 15 endorsements for Tax Preparation 15 Tax Preparation Mark Musselman and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 14 endorsements for Tax Advisory 14 Tax Advisory Pete Nelson and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Kristin Schmidt Realtor-The Bella Vista Group at Equity CO Real Estate February 24, 2011, Kristin was a client of Lynn’s Thank goodness for Lynn! Owing my own business, Lynn has helped me organize and file my taxes for the last two years. He is very knowledgeable and efficient. His turn around time always surprises me! Joerg Korinth Managing Partner at Sunesis Advisory Services May 11, 2009, Joerg was a client of Lynn’s In addition to being a good friend, Lynn is a superlative tax accountant who has saved me a great deal of time and money. I wholeheartedly recommend Lynn's services. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lynn has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA (Certified Public Accountant) Interests University of Colorado Boulder Alumni 36,102 members University of Colorado Boulder 212,956 followers University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business 18,333 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,541 followers Cichlidforums.com 57 members Leeds School of Business, University of Colorado Boulder 9,832 members See all See all following
More Actions Julie Wei has a account Julie Wei CPA Senior Tax Accountant at EY Atlanta EY DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Greater Atlanta Area 249 249 connections Send InMail Business Tax Services, serving the worldwide tax needs of audit and non-audit clients with focus on: - large, multinational C corporation and partnership federal tax compliance - income tax provision preparation and tax reporting - SEC registrant and private company income tax provision review and audit - Review of tax internal control functions - International Tax Compliance - Dividends refund claims in different jurisdictions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name EY Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area - Tax Provisions: Income tax provisions for public and nonpublic corporations (ASC 740), acting as a leading role on multiple engagements. - Tax Compliance: 1120, 1120S and 1065 Financial Services Tax Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos - Tax Provisions: Preparing and auditing income tax provisions for public international corporations and private corporations (ASC 740), Acting in a lead role on engagements. - Tax Compliance: 1120s, 1065, 5471, 8865, 8858 consolidated and porforma federal returns - Advisory Projects: Helped a large investment firm on their dividends claims under reduced treaty rates in different jurisdications. HR Specialist Company Name Perficient Dates Employed 2005 – 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs Strategic recruitment and training solutions inculding planning and development Managed different recruiting projects under limited time pressureEvaluated requirements for job openings and compiled a highly qualified candidate pool. HR Specialist Company Name BoldTech Systems Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study HR Management and Corporate Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Change Management, CFHC, Chicago Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 3 endorsements for Income Tax 3 Income Tax Mary Jiang and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 2 endorsements for Corporate Tax 2 Corporate Tax Thomson Wei and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 1 endorsement for International Tax 1 International Tax Yahya Y. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Ron Cutadean Training and Development Consulting May 18, 2009, Ron managed Julie Wei directly Julie worked for me for over 3 years. She is an excellent recruiter—delivering consistent results and earning the respect from her hiring managers and candidates. She has great organization skills and is prompt with follow-up with both her clients and candidates. She is very proactive, a team player and always seeking to improve our recruiting processes and results. Julie has high integrity that translates into strong ethical business practices. Ron Cutadean Training and Development Consulting May 29, 2009, Julie Wei reported directly to Ron Ron was my manager when I was at Perficient. He is always welcomed by employees and passionate about helping others develop. He worked directly with Chinese people and understood their thinking process and core values. He trained our Chinese managers and employees in the appropriate professional behaviors that help everyone work together more effectively. He is a great mentor of mine because he always uses direct and indirect way to make me aware of what I need to improve. He is willing to accept different opinions and willing to let people try. He has comprehensive and in-depth knowledge about business and HR staff. A great boss and a great mentor. Accomplishments Julie Wei has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,661 followers EY 1,748,672 followers Homrich, Klein & Associates 2,093 followers DePaul Continuing and Professional Education 412 members Asia Pacific Jobs Network 17,839 members DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,958 followers See all See all following
More Actions Angela has a account Angela Fowler Tax Partner at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Raleigh, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Partner Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Raleigh, NC Angela is the managing tax partner in our core tax services practice in Raleigh, North Carolina. Angela has 14 years of corporate tax experience serving a variety of clients across many different industries. She has worked across a variety of industries, including technology, life sciences, financial services, retail and manufacturing. Angela also has significant experience with corporate income taxation, including ASC 740 tax provisions, uncertain tax position analysis and reporting, and tax control assessment and remediation. She also focuses on corporate tax issues such as tax periods and accounting methods, as well as transaction analysis and reporting. Angela is a member of the Firm’s National ASC740 team and has taught both local and national training on the subject. She has led and participated in several ONESOURCE Tax Provision implementations. Tax Senior Manager Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Angela is a senior manager in our core tax services practice in Raleigh, North Carolina. Angela has almost 11 years of corporate tax experience serving a variety of clients across many different industries.Prior to joining BDO, Angela was with Deloitte. Most recently, she was on a management development rotation in their Tax Management Consulting practice, where she led ONESOURCE Tax provision implementations as well as assisted with tax department process assessments and other tax technology strategy work. Previously, she spent 9 years in the Business Tax Services practice where she served many of the largest clients in the Raleigh office. She has worked across several different industries, including life sciences, retail and manufacturing. Angela has experience with corporate income taxation, including ASC 740 tax provisions, uncertain tax position analysis and reporting, and tax control assessment and remediation. She also focuses on corporate tax issues such as periods and methods, as well as transaction analysis and reporting. Senior Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Management Development Program, Tax Management Consulting Selected for rotation to develop expertise in tax and technology service offering Lead ONESOURCE Tax Provision implementation project for a publicly traded company Oversee various tax and technology client service teams, including tax basis balance sheet analysis project and tax department assessment Lead business development efforts of a cross-functional team focused on state and local government Serve as lead relationship manager for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, including overseeing our overall recruiting and client service efforts Senior Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Responsible for overall client relationships and communications for clients across multiple industries, including life sciences, retail and manufacturing Lead marketplace efforts for current and potential clients Oversee audit/preparation of ASC 740 tax provisions for large multinational and Fortune 500 corporations (audit and relationship clients) Review federal corporate income tax returns for large publicly traded and multinational companies, including international and multistate state tax reporting Analyze complex tax issues, including corporate asset and stock transactions and tax accounting methods Serve as a formal counselor and informal mentor to staff and senior consultants Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 University Of North Carolina Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Peter J. DeVisser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 22 endorsements for Tax Accounting 22 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Peter J. DeVisser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills FIN 48 See 15 endorsements for FIN 48 15 FIN 48 Endorsed by 5 of Angela’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Carolina Alumni in the Triangle 2,170 members Parata Systems 2,005 followers UNC Alumni 35,637 members Smith Leonard PLLC - Accountants & Consultants 251 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,289 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,052 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Berman, CPA Tax Accountant at Jane Street Capital Jane Street New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 202 202 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Jane Street Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Tax Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Partnership Taxation in the Financial Services sector, with a focus on Private Equity and Hedge Funds. Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 5 endorsements for Hedge Funds 5 Hedge Funds Neha Berman and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 4 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 4 Partnership Taxation Shaun Greenwald, CPA MST and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 4 endorsements for Private Equity 4 Private Equity Marc A. Burton and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amanda Morgan Director of Investment Banking Recruitment, CCS at UBS January 31, 2013, Brian was a client of Amanda’s I worked with Amanda during my search and I had a great experience. She understood my goals, was there to help throughout the process, and was great about keeping me updated on any new developments. A pleasure to work with, and I strongly recommend her. Accomplishments Brian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Jane Street 7,347 followers KPMG US 455,526 followers Delta Kappa Epsilon-New York City Area 681 members NYU Stern School of Business 89,957 followers NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,520 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,955 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Burrows, CPA Tax Manager at Strata Fund Solutions LLC Strata Fund Solutions LLC University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Greater Salt Lake City Area 308 308 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Strata Fund Solutions LLC Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Salt Lake City Area Tax compliance for hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds, management companies, and general partners. Preparer and reviewer of partnership Federal and state tax returns. Tax planning and consulting with clients about various tax issues. Reviewer of FATCA and AML procedures. Audit & Tax Intern Company Name CBIZ MHM, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bakersfield, California Area Tax compliance for various types of entities (manufacturing and agricultural). Member of audit engagement team performing various auditing tasks in the audit of a major agricultural company. Assisted in preparing reports and exhibits for marriage litigation cases. Accounting Tutor Company Name Brigham Young University-Hawaii Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Hawaiian Islands Assisted accounting professors with grading exams and assignments. Personally tutored accounting students to increase their understanding of difficult accounting concepts. Sales Manager Company Name Living Scriptures Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Excellent sales, awarded top first- year sales representative. Co-managed a group of sales representatives, resulting in top team in sales. Assisted in recruiting and organizing a sales office. Education University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Degree Name Master of Accounting, Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Brigham Young University - Hawaii Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Participated in Integrated Business Core Business Simulation Project (Paradise Gift Baskets), Professional Accounting Society (PAS), Students in Free Enterprise (SIFE), Member of BYU- Hawaii Concert Choir Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Strata Fund Solutions LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at Strata Fund Solutions LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 7 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at Strata Fund Solutions LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jennifer Chen Associate Profesor of Accounting at Brigham Young University Hawaii May 19, 2010, Jennifer managed Daniel directly Daniel has been an accounting teaching assistant for the accounting department since fall 2009. He is well organized and very reliable. He not only helps students with their assignments but also communicate with me if a particular concept or homework question that several students have difficulty with. This type of feedback helps me better assessing student’s learning and to know what materials need to be reviewed or emphasized in class. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Living Scriptures 1,199 followers Strata Fund Solutions LLC 269 followers Brigham Young University-Hawaii 3,952 followers University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 19,600 followers University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 20,263 followers BYU–Hawaii Accounting 578 members See all See all following
More Actions James W has a account James W Ramsey, CPA Audit Manager / Consultant at Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration Sacramento, California Area 254 254 connections Send InMail Long-term governmental accountant who has experience meeting all goals and deadlines with accuracy and efficiency. Specialties: Governmental Accounting Highlights Experience Audit Manager / Consultant Company Name Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Rancho Cucamonga, CA Auditor / Consultant Company Name Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Riverside, CA Accountant Company Name City of Rancho Mirage Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Review auditor prepared financial statements, schedules and notes for Annual Report.Coordinate and assist in revenue/expenditure projections for biennial budget.Audit internal control compliance during normal accounting cycle.Reconcile bank statements with fiscal agents and investment custody accounts.Research and analyze complex management decisions, agreements or laws for financial impacts.Process, track and record all fixed assets.Record all year-end accruals for subsequent events. Senior Accounting Technician Company Name City of Rancho Mirage Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Coordinate training in systems for new hires and current employees, including cross-training department employees.Process W-2's and 1099's in conformance with applicable federal/state laws.Prepare and distribute monthly revenue/expenditure budget status reports.Conduct research and process complex and unusual transactions in accordance with set policies, research findings and applicable laws and standards. Accounting Technician II Company Name City of Rancho Mirage Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Process organizational credit card, procurement card and staff reimbursements along with accounts payables for open accounts.Process all miscellaneous receivables for various grant reimbursements.Track and reconcile various general, revenue and expenditure ledger balances with supplementary schedules.Process all "Public Records Act" requests. Education California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Business Administration w/ an Emphasis in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 College of the Desert Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Business - Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Joe Aguilar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of James W’S colleagues at Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 21 endorsements for Financial Accounting 21 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Denny Cheuk, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of James W’S colleagues at Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 20 endorsements for Auditing 20 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of James W’S colleagues at Vavrinek, Trine, Day & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Ryan Huckabey Manager of Workforce Planning at San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino September 28, 2011, Ryan and James W were students together James has proven himself to be a hard-working individual in whatever he commits himself to. I had the opportunity to work with him in various classes we took together, and was impressed with not only his participation, but his positive interaction with students and professors alike. James has proved to be a personable individual who gets along with everyone. Furthermore, he has established himself as being a great team member. Any company looking to employ James is certain to consider themselves extremely lucky. I wish James the best in his future endeavors and would recommend his employment in any business related field. Sarah Whiteley Deputy City Clerk at City of Wasilla September 15, 2011, Sarah worked with James W in different groups James is organized, efficient, extremely competent, and has an excellent rapport with staff at City Hall. His communication skills, both written and verbal, are excellent. His ability to understand accounting and financial statements is profound. I have worked with James for the past five years and he amazes me. He started as a temp in the Accounting division and in only five short years is now the head Accountant. He moved his way up through hard work, intelligence, and dedication. He was also able to earn two degrees, which goes to show he multitasks effectively and is able to handle a high-volume workload.James has also tutored me in two accounting courses. He helped me a great deal and I don’t think I would have thoroughly understood the material without him. In summary, I highly recommend James for any position or endeavor that he may seek to pursue. He will be a valuable asset for any organization. Ryan Huckabey Manager of Workforce Planning at San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino January 4, 2013, James W and Ryan were students together It is my pleasure to recommend Ryan. I've known Ryan since we both began our Junior Year at California State San Bernardino at the Palm Desert Campus. We were also both officers of the Alpha Omega Business Association at the Palm Desert Campus. During our time there, I saw Ryan's interactions with various teams that he was partnered up with, including the leadership team for Alpha Omega. In them, he was never afraid to speak up and contribute new ideas, or agree that another's idea was a better plan. He was always personable, amicable and thoughtful.He was well-organized, efficient and willing and able to put in the extra work (or learn the extra skills) to accomplish his own and/or the groups goals. Any company considering hiring Ryan should do so quickly, as he will prove to be a valuation addition to your team. I wish Ryan the best of luck in his future endeavors and have no doubt in my mind that he will be of the greatest success. Sarah Whiteley Deputy City Clerk at City of Wasilla September 16, 2011, James W worked with Sarah in different groups Sarah is a detail-oriented worker who does everything that is asked of her. She's smart in that she can and will figure out whatever is given to her. She's adaptable as she can move from one department to another within one day and put herself fully in the mindset of that department in order to achieve its objectives. I've had the pleasure of working with Sarah over the past 5 years at the City and any employer would be bereft of necessary talent if they pass her up. Accomplishments James W has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Accounting Information Systems Business Tax Decisions Business Taxation Controllership Doing Business in China/Taiwan & India Financial Institutions & Markets Financial Institutions and Markets Internal Auditing Internal Auditing James W has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin - Chinese Portuguese James W has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA James W has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Departmental Honors Interests alliantgroup 11,262 followers Crowe GHP Horwath (Acquired by Crowe Horwath LLP) 8,570 followers Rowbotham & Company LLP 141 followers Crowe Horwath LLP 39,021 followers NASBA 14,943 followers Tyler Technologies 14,269 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Smith CPA Founder/Owner at Richard Cameron Smith, CPA Executive Resources Inc University of Massachusetts Dartmouth Greater San Diego Area 133 133 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Richard’s Activity 136 followers #USParisClimate Richard shared this See all activity Experience President/Founder Company Name Executive Resources Inc Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location San Diego County/Orange County, CA Consulting, Management Advisory Services, CFO services, tax department services, tax preparation services to small to medium sized for profit and nonprofit organizations.Other duties include audit representation, tax research and planning, tax preparation, entity/structure planning, write-up services, etc. Founder/Owner Company Name Richard Cameron Smith, CPA Dates Employed May 1986 – Present Employment Duration 31 yrs 2 mos Location Massachusetts and California Operating a CPA firm providing tax, accounting, and consulting services to various for profit and not-for-profit companies. CFO Company Name R. A. Lotter Financial Group Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jul 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Newport Beach, CA CFO for 5 related financial services companies included one internet start-up company. Main company had over 100 million in financial services sales and was awarded the E & Y Entrepreneur of the Year Award while I was the CFO. Secured the first round of financing for the internet start-up company (still operating today) and the financial group are still my clients. Lead Field Auditor for Municipal Audits Company Name John O'Brien CPA Dates Employed Jan 1997 – May 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Massachusetss I provided the lead auditor role for the annual audit of various municipalities in Massachusetts. Contract Tax Department for Public Company Company Name Excel Switching Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hyannis, MA Provided tax department services to a public company that was one of the fastest growing companies in the U.S. - per Forbes Magazine See more positions Education University of Massachusetts Dartmouth Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Volunteer Experience Treasurer Company Name San Clemente Little League Cause Children I was the treasurer for the San Clemente Little League . Computerized the accounting and generated a database to track enrollees, snack bar operating results, equipment, etc Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 22 endorsements for Tax Preparation 22 Tax Preparation Keith Payne and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting D Anderson and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 16 endorsements for Tax 16 Tax Tom Munsell and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Tom Munsell Business Advisor and Sales Manager February 28, 2012, Tom was a client of Richard’s Richard is unique. He has terrific accounting and business technical knowledge, and yet is very down to earth. He is a delightful fellow to work with and will add value far in excess of costs. I highly recommend him.Tom Munsell, Bob Lotter Inventor Entrepreneur May 12, 2011, Bob was a client of Richard’s Rick has been handling accounting and tax related work for myself and my companies for over 15 years. In every situation where we were audited, Rick has gotten us favorable results. He is accurate, consitent and timely in his work and is a trusted source for all accounting and tax matters. I highly recommend Rick. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Janine Smith Transition December 9, 2013, Richard managed Janine directly Janine is the type of manager that can get any project done on time and under budget. She generates results that impact the bottom line while at the same time creating close relationships that make the workplace feel more like a great place to work. Bob Lotter Inventor Entrepreneur May 2, 2011, Bob was a client of Richard’s I have personally known Bob and have been both his business and personal accountant for 20 years. I have found him to be extremely honest, ethical, hard working, conscientious, and of the highest moral character in both his personal and business relationships. He has my strongest recommendation. Accomplishments Interests CPAs 18,900 members TaxAssist Accountants 3,946 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members University of Massachusetts 51,665 followers The Business Growth Strategies 14,165 members A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members See all See all following
More Actions Frank N. has a account Frank N. Eley, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at The Hanover Insurance Group Mapfre Bentley College - Elkin B. McCallum Graduate School of Business Greater Boston Area 119 119 connections Send InMail Focus in Federal income tax provision, Federal & State income tax returns including consolidation of the Federal return, international parts of the Consolidated Federal return including Form 5471, as well as Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Mapfre Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Webster, MA Senior Tax Accountant Company Name The Hanover Insurance Group Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Tax Accountant Company Name The Hanover Insurance Group Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Tax Associate Company Name CCR LLP Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Tax Intern Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed May 2005 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Bentley College - Elkin B. McCallum Graduate School of Business Degree Name MSA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Bentley University Degree Name BSA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 6 endorsements for CPA 6 CPA Sean Stephan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 5 endorsements for Corporate Tax 5 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Inna Kisseleva, CPA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Frank N.’s colleagues at CCR LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Frank N.’s colleagues at CCR LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Frank N. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Bentley University 58,583 followers The Hanover Insurance Group 20,509 followers MAPFRE 106,129 followers Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business 8,687 followers Bentley University 62,062 followers Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business 8,928 followers
More Actions Eva has a account Eva Chen, CPA Finance & Accounting Whole Foods Market University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Greater Seattle Area 103 103 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Operations Associate Analyst Company Name Whole Foods Market Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax/Staff Accountant Company Name Tax Advice, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Kent, WA • Set up accounting systems and performed all aspects of accounting functions • Generate periodic financial reports geared towards effective decision-making• Train clients in use of QuickBooks• Provide strategic tax planning and analysis• Prepare federal individual and business income tax returns• Examine business operations for compliance with current tax laws and identified potential tax issues• Prepare monthly multi-state sales tax, use tax and B&O tax Export Specialist Company Name Pan Pacific Shipping Company (Agent for Yang Ming America Corporation) Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos • Managed accounts receivable, issued export invoices• Utilized Excel pivot table to improve vessel occupancy and ensured smooth cargo movement• Arranged more than 3000 worldwide shipments• Demonstrated leadership by mentoring new hires to fully support job functions• Accurately processed and verified accounts payable for trucking invoices against original work orders• Generated repeating and referral businesses by providing outstanding customer service Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name master Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Committee for the Student Executive Board Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Eva’s colleagues at Whole Foods Market Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Tanner Zandell and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Word 3 Microsoft Word Tanner Zandell and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eva has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant QuickBooks Proadvisor Eva has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Whole Foods Market 197,834 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Contract jobs at Microsoft 7,378 members Seattle Accounting and Finance Professionals Group 8,127 members Accounting and Finance Jobs in Seattle 3,226 members Career Management (powered by ProLango) 2,364 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Stephens Chartered accountant & owner of Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Reed College of Accounting Camborne, Cornwall, United Kingdom 178 178 connections Send InMail I suppose that in essence I solve problems and create opportunities for small businesses and their owners. I advise on a wide range of tax and business issues. I specialise in owner managed businesses since I run one myself and therefore I am aware of the huge challenges facing the owners of small businesses today. I aim to find practical, cost effective solutions for businesses and their owners. My backup team of accountants and tax advisors help me to look after a huge variety of clients spread throughout Cornwall and beyond, dealing with their accounting and tax needs. Visit our website to see the whole range of the services we can offer and to access many free tax and business resources. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience managing director & owner Company Name Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs Location West Cornwall Providing accounting and tax services to individuals and owner managed businesses. accounting & tax lecturer Company Name Cornwall College Dates Employed Sep 1987 – Jul 1997 Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Education Reed College of Accounting Degree Name ICAEW Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Redruth Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1976 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Stephen Watson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Stephen Watson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 7 endorsements for Management 7 Management Stephen Watson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICAEW Interests ICAEW (Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales) 38,434 members Keith Wyatt Consulting Ltd 10 followers Bloomsbury Tax 824 members 2020 Innovation Training Limited 266 followers Jaguar UK 14,435 followers Anthony Williams & Co Limited 13 followers
More Actions Sadonna has a account Sadonna Lyals Accounting Manager at Hajoca Corporation Hajoca Corporation Strayer University-Maryland Greater Philadelphia Area 75 75 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name Hajoca Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Hajoca Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Sales Audit & Tax Analyst Company Name PCAA Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Regional Special Events Manager Company Name David's Bridal Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Education Strayer University-Maryland Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Pittsburgh Degree Name BS/BBA Field Of Study Psychology & Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Matt Wills, MBA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 1 endorsement for Tax 1 Tax Charlee Chambers has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Philadelphia Pitt Club 1,363 members University of Pittsburgh 170,793 followers University of Pittsburgh 185,780 followers The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Pitt Career Network 28,711 members Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members See all See all following
More Actions John C has a account John C Moore, CPA President, JC Moore & Associates Texas State University-San Marcos San Antonio, Texas 30 30 connections Send InMail John C. Moore, President of JC Moore & Associates, has over 40 years of professional financial experience. Highlights Experience President, JC Moore & Associates Company Name Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Director Company Name Tesoro Corporation Dates Employed 1974 – 2008 Employment Duration 34 yrs Prior to founding JC Moore & Associates, John held various progressively challenging positions at Tesoro corporation, a consolidated group of crude oil refining and marketing companies. During John's 34-year career at Tesoro he directed and implemented federal, state and international tax strategies, and the company's international trade compliance. Education Texas State University-San Marcos Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Falfurrias High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1966 – 1970 Featured Skills & Endorsements Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas State University 145,272 followers Texas State University 135,649 followers
More Actions Michael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael Koenig, CPA, MBA CFO Tutela, Inc University of Michigan Greater Atlanta Area 338 338 connections InMail Experienced Chief Financial Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the manufacturing and security industry. Strong finance professional skilled in Insurance, Healthcare, Budgeting, Banking, Accounting, Internal Controls, SOX, team building and Accounts Payable. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Activity 338 followers firstPro has a non-typical accounting role we are recruiting on. The position is an Operations/Technology Manager and will report to an exceptional CFO of Operations. The goal is to mentor this person to eventually step into the CFO's role. Due to the complexity of the requirements ideally, we are looking for someone with a mix of Big 4 and Industry experience. Someone that can work in a fast paced environment, is looking for a challenge and has large company experience would be perfect. If interested in learning more please feel free to reach out to me. Thanks Michael liked Trimble Acquires ISE to Provide Fleets with Electronic Driver Logs as a Service Michael commented See all activity Experience CFO Company Name Tutela, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Finance, Accounting, M&A, Legal, Insurance, Tax, Benefits, Healthcare, Wellness Program Director of Finance/Treasurer Company Name Alpla Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for : Insurance, banking , legal, financial reporting, A/R, A/P, payroll, audits, balance Sheet, cash flow...etc. Grew company from $186MM in sales to over $400MM in sales. Responsible for opening seven new manufacturing facilities. Generated over $1.5MM in cash flow/year through tax incentives, grants and process efficiencies. Was awarded national recognition for wellness program, which was developed over six years to over 1,100 employees. Mgr Financial Services Company Name Rayonier Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Responsible for all A/R, AP, Payroll, Financial Reporting for $600M pulp mill. Generated over $4.0MM in saving annually by changing/directing process improvements in the facility. Generated savings though sales tax audits and process improvements. Developed new A/P process to streamline approval of over 1,000 monthly invoices. Director of Finance Company Name Centro, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Area Responsible for financial accounting, banking, insurance and payroll. Education University of Michigan Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi - Business Fraternity. Started Alpha Kappa Psi professional business fraternity. First president. University of Iowa Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 MBA Program Volunteer Experience Rotary International Company Name Rotary International Dates volunteered Apr 1999 – Present Volunteer duration 18 yrs 3 mos Work with fellow business professionals on many opportunities. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 35 endorsements for Financial Reporting 35 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 26 endorsements for Financial Accounting 26 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 18 endorsements for Forecasting 18 Forecasting Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Michael has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Michael has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA Interests ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG 15,718 followers NCR Corporation 187,605 followers Tutela, Inc 203 followers Craig Bradford Associates 476 followers Novelis 43,847 followers Lucas Group 66,512 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sadonna has a account Sadonna Lyals Accounting Manager at Hajoca Corporation Hajoca Corporation Strayer University-Maryland Greater Philadelphia Area 75 75 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name Hajoca Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Hajoca Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Sales Audit & Tax Analyst Company Name PCAA Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Regional Special Events Manager Company Name David's Bridal Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Education Strayer University-Maryland Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Pittsburgh Degree Name BS/BBA Field Of Study Psychology & Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Matt Wills, MBA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 1 endorsement for Tax 1 Tax Charlee Chambers has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests David's Bridal 17,930 followers University of Pittsburgh 170,793 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members University of Pittsburgh 185,780 followers The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members See all See all following
More Actions MANOS MALIAGAS has a account MANOS MALIAGAS TAX ACCOUNTANT Ministry of Finance Deposit and Loans Find Consignment CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY Greece 112 112 connections Send InMail Seasoned professional with broad & in-depth understanding of Greek sector and detailed knowledge of information technology markets. Sound vision, communicative and executive presence. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow MANOS MALIAGAS’ Activity 112 followers Happy to collaborate with Ivyrevel It's time to buy yours with 20% discount, the only you have to do is to use my personalised code "LINOUZ20" it will be valid until 30th of June. Hurry up! www.ivyrevel.com #ivyrevel #revelista MANOS MALIAGAS liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Deposit and Loans Find Consignment Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Αcadimias 40. Athens City Center FINANCIAL SERVICES Media (1) This position has 1 media - - This media is a link FINANCIAL CONTROLLER Company Name Carestream Contract Manufacturing Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location ANTHOUSA, GREECE FINANCIAL CONTROLLER Media (1) This position has 1 media ACCOUNTING TAX AND BOOKING ACTIVITIES ACCOUNTING TAX AND BOOKING ACTIVITIES This media is a document SENIOR ACCOUNTANT Company Name IMS Health Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos SUPERVISOR ACCOUNTANT Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location MAROUSI,ATHENS GREECE Education CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study MASTER DEGREE Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Media (1) This position has 1 media ACADEMIC SKILLS & EXPERT PC SKILLS ACADEMIC SKILLS & EXPERT PC SKILLS This media is a document Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Planning See 5 endorsements for Business Planning 5 Business Planning Marina Nasiou and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 2 endorsements for Business Strategy 2 Business Strategy Marina Nasiou and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 1 endorsement for Financial Analysis 1 Financial Analysis Leonidas Mouchliaris has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MANOS MALIAGAS has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English MANOS MALIAGAS has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project IMPLEMENTATION USS GAP IN SAP Interests PeoplePerHour.com 7,689 followers Pfizer 1,531,326 followers Bayer Pharmaceuticals 211,201 followers Alpha Bank 25,569 followers Amgen 279,030 followers BBC News 2,352,235 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Stephens Chartered accountant & owner of Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Reed College of Accounting Camborne, Cornwall, United Kingdom 178 178 connections Send InMail I suppose that in essence I solve problems and create opportunities for small businesses and their owners. I advise on a wide range of tax and business issues. I specialise in owner managed businesses since I run one myself and therefore I am aware of the huge challenges facing the owners of small businesses today. I aim to find practical, cost effective solutions for businesses and their owners. My backup team of accountants and tax advisors help me to look after a huge variety of clients spread throughout Cornwall and beyond, dealing with their accounting and tax needs. Visit our website to see the whole range of the services we can offer and to access many free tax and business resources. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience managing director & owner Company Name Anthony Williams & Co Ltd Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs Location West Cornwall Providing accounting and tax services to individuals and owner managed businesses. accounting & tax lecturer Company Name Cornwall College Dates Employed Sep 1987 – Jul 1997 Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Education Reed College of Accounting Degree Name ICAEW Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Redruth Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1976 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Stephen Watson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Stephen Watson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 7 endorsements for Management 7 Management Stephen Watson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICAEW Interests ICAEW (Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales) 38,434 members Keith Wyatt Consulting Ltd 10 followers Bloomsbury Tax 824 members Jaguar UK 14,435 followers Anthony Williams & Co Limited 13 followers 2020 Innovation Training Limited 266 followers
More Actions Teresa has a account Teresa Hector CPA Tax Accountant at Teresa J Hector, CPA, PC Teresa J Hector, CPA, PC Southern Oregon University Medford, Oregon 16 16 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Teresa J Hector, CPA, PC Dates Employed 1975 – Present Employment Duration 42 yrs Location Medford, OR 40 Years in the tax preparation industry, 25 years as a CPA.Specialize in soon to, recently and established retired taxpayers. Accept a wide variety of clients including all ages, specialties and status. Education Southern Oregon University Degree Name BS accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1987 Medford Senior High School, class of 1972 Volunteer Experience retreat cook, women's ministry Company Name Heritage christian fellowship Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 2 endorsements for Corporate Tax 2 Corporate Tax Regina Willard and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 2 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 2 Partnership Taxation Dan Kellington and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Regina Willard and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RV ENTHUSIASTS 2,536 members Retired Brains 706 members CPA Sole Practitioners and CPA Small Firms 9,962 members Southern Oregon University 22,088 followers Southern Oregon University 21,255 followers Ambitious Energized Alpha Boomers 119 members
More Actions John C has a account John C Moore, CPA President, JC Moore & Associates Texas State University-San Marcos San Antonio, Texas 30 30 connections Send InMail John C. Moore, President of JC Moore & Associates, has over 40 years of professional financial experience. Highlights Experience President, JC Moore & Associates Company Name Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Director Company Name Tesoro Corporation Dates Employed 1974 – 2008 Employment Duration 34 yrs Prior to founding JC Moore & Associates, John held various progressively challenging positions at Tesoro corporation, a consolidated group of crude oil refining and marketing companies. During John's 34-year career at Tesoro he directed and implemented federal, state and international tax strategies, and the company's international trade compliance. Education Texas State University-San Marcos Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Falfurrias High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1966 – 1970 Featured Skills & Endorsements Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas State University 145,272 followers Texas State University 135,649 followers
More Actions Frank N. has a account Frank N. Eley, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at The Hanover Insurance Group Mapfre Bentley College - Elkin B. McCallum Graduate School of Business Greater Boston Area 119 119 connections Send InMail Focus in Federal income tax provision, Federal & State income tax returns including consolidation of the Federal return, international parts of the Consolidated Federal return including Form 5471, as well as Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Mapfre Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Webster, MA Senior Tax Accountant Company Name The Hanover Insurance Group Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Tax Accountant Company Name The Hanover Insurance Group Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Tax Associate Company Name CCR LLP Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Tax Intern Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed May 2005 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Bentley College - Elkin B. McCallum Graduate School of Business Degree Name MSA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Bentley University Degree Name BSA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 6 endorsements for CPA 6 CPA Sean Stephan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 5 endorsements for Corporate Tax 5 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Inna Kisseleva, CPA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Frank N.’s colleagues at CCR LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Frank N.’s colleagues at CCR LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Frank N. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests The Hanover Insurance Group 20,509 followers Bentley University 58,584 followers Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business 8,928 followers Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business 8,687 followers Bentley University 62,062 followers MAPFRE 106,129 followers
More Actions Sean D has a account Sean D Moore, CPA Director, Tax Operations at Exide Technologies Exide Technologies Brigham Young University Greater Atlanta Area 215 215 connections Send InMail - ASC 740 Corporate Income Tax Accounting - Consolidated Domestic Income Tax Return Compliance - FIN 48 Process Management - Valuation Allowance Analysis and Review - International Provision Review - Tax Footnote Preparation for US GAAP Reporting - FIN 18 Interim Tax Reporting - ASC 450 Analysis for non-income tax risk See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Tax Operations Company Name Exide Technologies Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Oversight of compliance & consolidated provision processes. Tax Manager Company Name NCR Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Duluth, Georgia Tax Risk Management and International Provision Tax Manager Company Name Heil Environmental (division of Dover Corporation) Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo All things tax, insurance and legal. Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name Old Mutual Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax Accounting & Compliance, focused on insurance companies Tax Staff Accountant Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Preparation & review of tax provision calculations and tax return compliance for corporate, partnership, & individual clients in a variety of industries. Education Brigham Young University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Swim Team Volunteer Experience Volunteer Representative Company Name The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Dates volunteered May 1997 – May 1999 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Missionary in Ecuador Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Sean D’S colleagues at NCR Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 14 endorsements for Accounting 14 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Sean D’S colleagues at NCR Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 12 endorsements for Corporate Tax 12 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Sean D’S colleagues at NCR Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Neil Orolin, CPA Senior Manager, Tax Services at Gorfine, Schiller & Gardyn, PA July 15, 2011, Neil was senior to Sean D but didn’t manage directly Working with Neil at KPMG was a great experience. He is a very team-oriented manager with a great technical knowledge of tax matters that helped me establish myself in the early years of my career. He did a superior job of making sure I understood the projects that I worked on with him while also managing deadlines and budgets. Accomplishments Sean D has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Sean D has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA License in the state of Tennessee Interests SpaceX 281,173 followers NCR Corporation 11,619 members Exide Technologies 15,774 followers Brigham Young University 221,566 followers NCR Corporation 187,605 followers Brigham Young University 214,276 followers
More Actions Michael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael Koenig, CPA, MBA CFO Tutela, Inc University of Michigan Greater Atlanta Area 338 338 connections InMail Experienced Chief Financial Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the manufacturing and security industry. Strong finance professional skilled in Insurance, Healthcare, Budgeting, Banking, Accounting, Internal Controls, SOX, team building and Accounts Payable. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Activity 338 followers firstPro has a non-typical accounting role we are recruiting on. The position is an Operations/Technology Manager and will report to an exceptional CFO of Operations. The goal is to mentor this person to eventually step into the CFO's role. Due to the complexity of the requirements ideally, we are looking for someone with a mix of Big 4 and Industry experience. Someone that can work in a fast paced environment, is looking for a challenge and has large company experience would be perfect. If interested in learning more please feel free to reach out to me. Thanks Michael liked Trimble Acquires ISE to Provide Fleets with Electronic Driver Logs as a Service Michael commented See all activity Experience CFO Company Name Tutela, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Finance, Accounting, M&A, Legal, Insurance, Tax, Benefits, Healthcare, Wellness Program Director of Finance/Treasurer Company Name Alpla Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for : Insurance, banking , legal, financial reporting, A/R, A/P, payroll, audits, balance Sheet, cash flow...etc. Grew company from $186MM in sales to over $400MM in sales. Responsible for opening seven new manufacturing facilities. Generated over $1.5MM in cash flow/year through tax incentives, grants and process efficiencies. Was awarded national recognition for wellness program, which was developed over six years to over 1,100 employees. Mgr Financial Services Company Name Rayonier Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Responsible for all A/R, AP, Payroll, Financial Reporting for $600M pulp mill. Generated over $4.0MM in saving annually by changing/directing process improvements in the facility. Generated savings though sales tax audits and process improvements. Developed new A/P process to streamline approval of over 1,000 monthly invoices. Director of Finance Company Name Centro, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Area Responsible for financial accounting, banking, insurance and payroll. Education University of Michigan Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi - Business Fraternity. Started Alpha Kappa Psi professional business fraternity. First president. University of Iowa Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 MBA Program Volunteer Experience Rotary International Company Name Rotary International Dates volunteered Apr 1999 – Present Volunteer duration 18 yrs 3 mos Work with fellow business professionals on many opportunities. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 35 endorsements for Financial Reporting 35 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 26 endorsements for Financial Accounting 26 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 18 endorsements for Forecasting 18 Forecasting Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at ALPLA Werke - Alwin Lehner GmbH & Co. KG Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Michael has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Michael has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA Interests Accenture 2,763,159 followers University of Michigan 390,108 followers University of Iowa 152,356 followers Craig Bradford Associates 476 followers Vaco 23,839 followers Atlantix Partners LLC 750 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alan has a account Alan Lee Staff Accountant at Waste Managment Waste Management Northern Arizona University Royal Oak, Michigan 179 179 connections Send InMail I completed my BS at Northern Arizona University in July of 2009 with an emphasis in Finance. I re-attended college to complete a Post Baccalaureate in Accounting. I have experience working as a Staff Accountant performing: Individual, Partnership, S Corp and C Corp tax returns, Audit engagements, monthly compilations, and tax research. In addition while interning during college I performed Payroll accounting duties. I recently re-located to Troy, MI and leveraged my experiences and transitioned to a Staff Accountant role with Populus Group. I have effectively demonstrated teamwork and leadership abilities, fostered goal-oriented work environment, and successfully adapted to changing demands in previous experiences. Specialties: Tax Returns, Auditing Financial Statements, Administrative Support, Customer Service Representative, Financial Analysis, Car Insurance, and Microsoft Office Suite. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Accountant I Company Name Waste Management Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Warren, Mi Staff Accountant Company Name Populus Group, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Troy, Michigan Responsible for the monthly close and production of company financial statementsReconciliation and analysis of balance sheet accounts, income statement accounts and multiple bank accountsPrepared monthly preparation of recurring journal entries and monthly revenue and expense accrualsProcessing AR write-offs and Internal Expense reportsExtensive use of Pivot tables and V-LookupsReviewed and updated accounting processes to improve operational efficency Staff Accountant Company Name Regier Carr & Monroe, L.L.P. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Tucson Tax responsibilities include preparing 990's, individual returns, S corp tax returns, and tax researchRegularly performed bookkeeping, including posting, reconciliations and monthly audit compilations Audit work includes auditing firms financial statements by testing internal controls, performing analytics, client inquiries and fraud detection. Payroll Tax Accountant Company Name LuAnn M Roberts, CPA Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Flagstaff, Arizona Area Handled payroll for every client immediately after joining the firmReviewed and Reconciled accounts Researched current financial and accounting issues for client presentationsLearned multiple editions of QuickBooks and used software knowledge to update offices technology Claims Generalist Adjuster Company Name Progressive Insurance Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Resolve and maintain multiple accounts for culturally diverse groups of people. Providing customer support to mitigate problems while gaining an increasing and complex workload.Researching, obtaining, and presenting factual evidence verbally and written to support or discredit arguments.Performing administrative roles (mailing, ordering, travel arrangements, security etc.) while effectively working in an environment that is fast paced, focused on accountability, high standards, and incurring constant changes.Review customer contracts and state specific revised statues to ensure compliance within insurance policies, state laws, and company procedures. Negotiate settlements using financial principles between customers, claimants, governments, and businesses to obtain a reasonable outcome while providing quality customer service. See more positions Education Northern Arizona University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Northern Arizona University-The W. A. Franke College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Treasurer on Taylor Hall Council, Relay For Life, and Trijacks Pima Community College Degree Name Associate of Business Administration Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Math Tutor Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Chris Lee and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Rob Bennett, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 8 endorsements for Customer Service 8 Customer Service Leonard Alford III and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Leonard Alford III Accounting and Finance Professional October 8, 2015, Alan was senior to Leonard but didn’t manage directly Leonard showed exception leadership abilities at Populus Group. One of he most valuable traits a manager exhibits is he ability to bridge the gap between people. While Leonard was not in a managerial role took it upon himself to setup meetings, establish communications between multiple departments to resolve problems to ensure a healthy relationships. Jon Sjogren . August 9, 2014, Alan and Jon were students together Jon was by far the most through, driven, intellectual, talented and personable student I met while attending NAU. His skill sets make him an invaluable employee. Accomplishments Alan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Cases in Corporate Finance Interests Pima Community College 33,049 followers Northern Arizona University 92,924 followers Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members Finance Club 1,037,894 members Northern Arizona University 97,629 followers Waste Management 77,947 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Campbell, CPA Advisory Risk Senior at EY EY Elon University Charlotte, North Carolina 439 439 connections Send InMail I’m currently a Risk Advisory Senior with EY. Most recently I've helped our clients with a SOX Readiness program and have conducted internal audit co-sourcing and outsourcing assistance. Currently I'm helping a private company become SOX 302 compliance and prepare for SOX 404 compliance. I have experience in SOX control design and testing, control creation and implementation recommendations for clients. Prior to my time at EY, in summer 2011, I completed an internship at Ferrell Capital Management where I worked on a fund prospectus, marketing material, and created an S&P segment risk motion chart. I've studied abroad Denmark, Israel, and Mexico. I've also spent time in France, Belgium, Russia, Czech Republic, Austria, Finland, Norway, and Germany. I'm a licensed CPA and Microsoft certified in Advanced Excel. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Risk Advisory Senior Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Advisory Risk Staff Company Name EY Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area As a staff in the Advisory Services practice of EY I helped clients identify opportunities to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of business processes while decreasing their exposure to risk. My main responsibilities include performing process/control owner interviews, documenting walkthroughs and narratives, creating flowcharts, testing controls, identifying risks and control gaps, and recommending ways to address said risks and control gaps. University Guide Company Name Elon University Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Served as a liaison between admissions staff and prospective students to assist in their application process. Performed campus tours to potential students, future faculty, and special University guests. Intern Company Name Ernst & Young Advisory Services Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Created risk control templates for process owners at the client. The packages included the ideal sets of evidence and testing attributes the client needed to provide for SOX testing. Analyst Company Name Ferrell Capital Management LLC Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greenwich, CT While at Ferrell Capital Management I piloted new techniques, using Google Motion Charts, to depict data analysis I assembled regarding back testing theories for a new fund strategy under development by the company. I also developed and implemented design and content changes to company's website (www.ferrellcapital.com) including a web-to-lead form populating a new contact in Salesforce.com and various user interfaces. Lastly, I created new marketing material including a fund terms sheet and conducted daily research on leads, clients and connections. Education Elon University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Business Fellows Class of 2013, Beta Alpha Psi Vice President, Elon Microfinance Vice President of Finance, Elon Hillel Studied Abroad in Yucatan, Mexico, January, 2010Studied Abroad in Israel, December, 2010Studied Abroad in Copenhagen, January - May 2012 Danish Institute for Study Abroad Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Copenhagen, Denmark Volunteer Experience Professional Development Coordinator Company Name Elon Charlotte Alumni Chapter Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Board member and Professional Development Coordinator for the Charlotte Charter of the Elon Alumni network Council Initiatives Lead Company Name Elon University - Young Alumni Council Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Sep 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo The Council Initiative Leads are responsible for managing the details of and member participation in each of the Young Alumni Council initiatives. Activities Chairman Company Name Boy Scouts of America - Apache District Dates volunteered Aug 2015 – Aug 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Activities Chairman for the Apache District in the Mecklenburg County Council. Coordinate District events and activities for 35 Boy Scout Troops and 43 Cub Scout Packs See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Seth W. Kahl, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Office 7 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Seth W. Kahl, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Word 7 Microsoft Word Endorsed by Seth W. Kahl, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Elon University Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) William Ferrell President and CIO at Ferrell Capital Management LLC September 9, 2011, William managed David directly We had the pleasure of having David Campbell intern at Ferrell Capital this past summer. David continued to impress us throughout the interview process and we are so pleased to have selected him.David is very passionate about his work and has a commitment to excellence. He demonstrated a high level of intellectual curiosity and the ability to solve problems through independent research. Once familiar with a concept, he was able to take topics and develop analytic tools beyond our expectations. David is bright, personable and tenacious. David put in long, productive hours and advanced our analytics with compelling insights. He assisted with redesigning our website, interfacing with clients and generating reports using historical data. We recommend David for any professional position he chooses to pursue and feel he is a strong candidate with a dynamic background. He is a pleasure to know and we welcome the opportunity to work with him again. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 22 courses 22 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Advanced Excel for Business Advanced Managerial Finance Business Communications Cost Accounting Development Economics Economics of Globalization Fundamentals of Income Tax Intermediate Accounting I Intermediate Accounting II David has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA Microsoft® Office Specialist - Advanced Excel Interests Elon University - Students, Faculty & Alumni 4,525 members Eagle Scouts, Boy Scouts of America 18,258 members Intelligent Buildings, LLC 532 followers Zeta Beta Tau - Elon University 45 members The Players'​ Tribune 4,442 followers WIRED 1,078,505 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Kuhn, CPA, MBA Controller - The Kahkwa Club The Kahkwa Club Saint Bonaventure University Erie, Pennsylvania Area 241 241 connections Send InMail CPA with seven years of experience in public accounting, specializing in Corporate, Partnership, and Individual taxation. As the Director of Finance for a Non-profit property management and development company, I oversaw the processes and controls of the fiscal department; Worked with members of the property management and development staff to solve problems and make financial and organizational adjustments as needed; Worked with outside vendors to assure proper communication; Reported to the Finance Committee and Board of Directors as to the financial state of the company as well as discuss any impending issues and future projections of the business. As a Senior at Malin, Bergquist & Company I would oversee and assist team members through corporate and individual tax planning and preparation; Work directly with clients on proper bookkeeping techniques and internal control procedures; Work with corporate and individual clients on developing proper tax planning strategies; Assist in the development and training of younger/less experienced staff. I also worked on audits of moderate sized and large for-profit and not-for-profit businesses. As a member of the Board of Directors of Malin, Bergquist Charities we work with local hospitals and other charitable organizations to raise money, or make donatations of supplies or other items in order to make hospital care for cancer patients easier/more efficient/more enjoyable. Every year, MB Charities makes large donations to the American Cancer Society (through the Relay for Life) and the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Activity 241 followers Proud to volunteer today at the Humane Society of NWPA! #BKDErie Kaley Morgenstern, CPA; Amanda Spaeder (Rusnak); Paige Gregory, CPA; Hillary Hirsch; Beth Burkhart John liked See all activity Experience Controller Company Name The Kahkwa Club Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Erie, Pennsylvania Area Responsibilities:- Prepare monthly and annual financial statements- Oversee and manage the processes for Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, and Payroll- Report to the Board of Governors and other committees on the financial state of the Club- Oversee and manage the process of budgeting and forecasting while working with several department heads and managers; as well as monitoring the budget on a monthly basis- Oversee the year-end audit of the financial statements, and provide all needed reconciliations and source documents- Implement and enforce internal controls- Directly responsible for cash management- Active in the review and approval of club insurance policies- Work directly with Human Resources to assure proper implementation of rules & new laws Director of Finance and Accounting Company Name Housing And Neighborhood Development Service (HANDS) Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Erie, Pennsylvania Area Responsibilities include:• Preparation, review, and analysis of financial statements for over 20 properties.• Report on financial status and future projections to a Finance Committee & Board of Directors.• Oversee the processes and controls of the accounting department.• Prepare and review budgets for 20-30 individual rental properties as well as the management company.• Review, update and approve insurance policies as properties and policies change. Secretary, Board of Directors Company Name Malin, Bergquist Charities, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Erie, Pennsylvania Area Mission - To eliminate cancer and its side effects by funding research and education, and providing direct patient care. Determined that the cancer-related deaths of three of our colleagues would not go in vain, Malin Bergquist has adopted the fight against cancer as its signature charity and actively raises funds and donates employee time out of the office to support this vital work. The firm’s partners and staff support the objective of eliminating cancer through research, education, and advocacy and providing care to those stricken with the illness. Financial Controller Company Name Phoenix Cosmopolitan Group LLC Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Erie, Pennsylvania Area Senior Associate II Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Erie, Pennsylvania Area See more positions Education Saint Bonaventure University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Saint Bonaventure University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Cathedral Preparatory School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 20 endorsements for Financial Reporting 20 Financial Reporting Endorsed by David A. DeDionisio CPA,CVA,CFE,CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Phoenix Cosmopolitan Group LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 14 endorsements for Auditing 14 Auditing Endorsed by David A. DeDionisio CPA,CVA,CFE,CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Phoenix Cosmopolitan Group LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Phoenix Cosmopolitan Group LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Thomas Ineman Technology Specialist April 17, 2014, John worked with Thomas in different groups In my time working with Tom it was obvious that he truly enjoys his craft and enjoys working with others. In a short time he was able to show a true talent for problem solving and an excellent ability to learn new things quickly. I would recommend Tom to any company looking for a very talented IT professional. His young career is just beginning to blossom. Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant John has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Malin, Bergquist Charities & Crossfit Big Fish Present: Ultimate Fight Gone Bad Interests FMC Technologies 142,972 followers St. Bonaventure University MBA Graduates 503 members BKD CPAs & Advisors 15,959 followers Housing And Neighborhood Development Service (HANDS) 81 followers Zurn Industries, LLC 3,754 followers Kahkwa Club 39 followers See all See all following
More Actions Natalia has a account Natalia Nikulin, CPA, MBA Tax Accountant at Singer, Burke, Zimmer & Butler, LLP Singer, Burke, Zimmer & Butler, LLP Wayne State University Greater Los Angeles Area 79 79 connections Send InMail Highly motivated, detail oriented experienced accountant, solution-focused and known for accuracy, attention to detail and timeliness in making business decisions to effectively manage accounting issues. Capable of acquiring new skills and taking on new roles and responsibilities quickly and effectively. Easily interface with all levels of staff and leadership. Specialties: • External Audit & Attestation • Financial Reporting • Business and Individual Taxation • Tax Planning and Advisory • Accounting & Tax Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Singer, Burke, Zimmer & Butler, LLP Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Encino, CA Senior Auditor Company Name Silberstein Ungar, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Bingham Farms, MI Auditing & Attestation Performed audits for publically traded franchise chains and non-public for-profit organizations.Performed analytical procedures necessary to produce various reports.Performed day-to-day audit work including audit planning, control testing, substantive testing, reporting and financial statements compilation. Evaluated financial reporting and its compliance with GAAP and other regulations. Analyzed SOX and SEC reporting compliance. Reviewed 10K, 10Q and 8K reports to gather information related to the audit of client’s financial statements. Maintained professional communication with various levels of client’s personnel. Client base consisted of various small to medium size franchise chains and businesses including, but not limited to restaurants, non-for-profit organizations and small manufacturers.Tax PreparationPrepared tax returns including: corporate, partnership, individual, and other comprising of exempt organizations, trust, estate, pension plan, personal property, gift and single business tax. Prepared returns for clients with multi-state business activity.Performed tax projection and tax planning for business clients and individuals.Researched tax issues online using various sources. Audit Associate Company Name Clayton & McKervey Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Southfield, MI Auditing & Attestation (80% of Time Spent) Participated in all stages of audit and attestation engagements for non-public for-profit organizations.Performed analytical procedures necessary to produce various reports. Evaluated financial reporting and its compliance with GAAP and other regulations. Performed clients' financial statements compilation and review. Performed contribution plan audits for variety of companies.Communicated with clients on issues to be resolved during the audit/attestation engagements.Client base consisted of 80% manufacturing / distributing, 10% general services, 10% information technologyTax Preparation (20% of Time Spent)Prepared tax returns including: corporate (70%), partnership (20%), individual (10%). Prepared returns for clients with multi-state business activity.Performed tax projections and tax planning for business clients and individuals including MBT projections.Researched tax issues online using Checkpoint, BNA Tax and other sources. Staff Accountant Company Name Edwards, Ellis, Armstrong & Co, PC Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Tax Preparation (60% of Time Spent)Prepared tax returns including: corporate (40%), partnership (30%), individual (20%), and other (10%) comprising of exempt organizations, trust, estate, pension plan, personal property, gift and single business tax. Prepared returns for clients with multi-state business activity.Performed tax projection and tax planning for business clients and individuals.Researched tax issues online using IRS and State of Michigan Department of Treasury websites and other sources.Assisted partners in resolution of issues resulted from IRS audit of client's tax returns. Actively communicated with IRS in written form as well as over the phone. Auditing & Attestation (40% of Time Spent) Planned and carried out all stages of audit and attestation engagements for non-public for-profit and non-for-profit and governmental organizations. Performed fieldwork necessary to draft financial statements.Drafted financial statements for audit clients.Performed analytical procedures necessary to produce various reports.Evaluated financial reporting and its compliance with GAAP, GAAS and other regulations. Performed clients' financial statements compilation and review. Communicated with clients on issues to be resolved during the audit/attestation engagements. Staff Accountant Company Name Johnson Electric Automotive Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Plymouth, MI Posted daily journal entries to various accounts.Accounts reconciliation.Month-end closing. See more positions Education Wayne State University Degree Name Master of Science Degree Field Of Study Business Management Administration with Concentration in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Designation: CPA certified (December 2007). Member of CALCPA Ivanovo State University Degree Name Bachelor & Master Degree Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 Officially evaluated by World Education Services. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) David Armstrong Partner at Edwards, Ellis, Armstrong & Co., P.C. July 13, 2010, David managed Natalia directly Natalia was a detail-oriented staff member who showed great development in the area of corporate and personal income tax preparation and planning. Natalia is extremely intelligent and quickly learned new skills in the area of income taxation. Her work product was always excellent and she required very little direct supervision once the task was designated to her. Natalia would be a wonderful addition to any tax practice looking for a hard working and efficient co-worker. Michael Berry, CPA Client Service Associate at Cusmano & Co. P.C. June 8, 2010, Michael managed Natalia directly I worked with Natlia at Clayton & McKervey and supervised her on several audit and tax engagements. She is a very detail-oriented and hard worker and was very focused on getting the job done correctly and in a timely fashion. She was particularly proficient at accounting and tax research. She is also a thoughtful and caring person and a good co-worker. I would recommend Natalia for a corporate accounting, tax or audit position. Tyrone Norwood, CMRW, CPRW Expert Resume Writer | LinkedIn Profile Writer | Personal Branding Pro | ATS Expert | Hiring Insider | Former Recruiter August 16, 2010, Natalia was a client of Tyrone’s My first experience with Tyrone was when he placed me at a local CPA firm. Since then, he has been an excellent resource of information on career and job search strategies. I recently had him professionally write my resume and take me through a LinkedIn tutorial and strategy session. His attention to detail and ability to capture the most compelling details about my background and achievements has resulted in a resume that I am very confident in. He continues to share ideas and information to help with my job search strategies. I highly recommend Norwood Consulting Group for interview preparation, coaching and resume writing services. Accomplishments Natalia has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Michigan Open Networkers (Ann Arbor, Detroit, Grand Rapids, Lansing, Toledo) 3,314 members Jobs- For CPA, CA, CMA and other Global Finance professionals 10,144 members Ивановский Государственный Университет (ИвГУ) 2,171 followers LI Detroit 3,596 members Wayne State University 145,156 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members See all See all following
More Actions Heather has a account Heather Hughes, CPA Partner at Ross Hughes & Associates, CPAs, PLLC Ross Hughes & Associates, CPAs, PLLC University of North Florida - College of Business Administration Jacksonville, Florida Area 263 263 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Heather’s Articles 262 followers We are hiring! Heather Hughes, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 9, 2015 See all articles Experience Partner Company Name Ross Hughes & Associates, CPAs, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location 4540 Southside Blvd., Suite 601 Jacksonville, FL 32216 Treasurer Company Name Southside Professional Center Dates Employed 2010 – 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Owner Company Name Hughes & Warner, CPAs Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Education University of North Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Alpha Sigma Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Money Pages 625 followers Retirement Resources, Inc. 30 followers Rootworks 1,248 followers University of North Florida - College of Business Administration 7,087 followers Mosquito Joe 1,472 followers University of North Florida - College of Business Administration 7,082 followers
More Actions Lior has a account Lior Levy, CPA, M.Tax Principal at Levy Group CPAs Levy Group CPAs Nova Southeastern University Greater New York City Area 231 231 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Lior’s Articles & Activity 234 followers We're Hiring Lior Levy, CPA, M.Tax on LinkedIn See all articles Wouldn't it be great to cut through all the small talk!!! Lior liked Thinking of Tossing Old Tax Records? Read This First. Lior shared this Transform Nondeductible Interest into Tax Deductible Interest Lior shared this See all activity Experience Principal Company Name Levy Group CPAs Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location 200 Broadway, New York, NY 10038 Founder and CEO Company Name BinaryOption.com Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York City Chief Executive Officer Tax Associate Company Name Lancaster & Reed Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Key Biscayne Senior Tax Associate Tax Accountant Company Name Mas Tec Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Accountant Tax Accountant Company Name Office Depot Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Boca Raton Accountant See more positions Education Nova Southeastern University Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Florida Atlantic University Degree Name Bachelors in Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Cum Lauda Palm Beach Community College Degree Name Associate Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name New York Cares Dates volunteered Jul 2016 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 2 of Lior’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Lior’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 4 endorsements for GAAP 4 GAAP Gal Rosenblum and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills
More Actions Alan has a account Alan Lee Staff Accountant at Waste Managment Waste Management Northern Arizona University Royal Oak, Michigan 179 179 connections Send InMail I completed my BS at Northern Arizona University in July of 2009 with an emphasis in Finance. I re-attended college to complete a Post Baccalaureate in Accounting. I have experience working as a Staff Accountant performing: Individual, Partnership, S Corp and C Corp tax returns, Audit engagements, monthly compilations, and tax research. In addition while interning during college I performed Payroll accounting duties. I recently re-located to Troy, MI and leveraged my experiences and transitioned to a Staff Accountant role with Populus Group. I have effectively demonstrated teamwork and leadership abilities, fostered goal-oriented work environment, and successfully adapted to changing demands in previous experiences. Specialties: Tax Returns, Auditing Financial Statements, Administrative Support, Customer Service Representative, Financial Analysis, Car Insurance, and Microsoft Office Suite. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Chris Lee and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Rob Bennett, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 8 endorsements for Customer Service 8 Customer Service Leonard Alford III and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Interests Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,706 members Alpha Kappa Psi 39,380 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,697 members Pima Community College 34,839 followers Accounting & Audit 155,094 members See all See all following
More Actions Heather has a account Heather Hughes, CPA Partner at Ross Hughes & Associates, CPAs, PLLC Ross Hughes & Associates, CPAs, PLLC University of North Florida - College of Business Administration Jacksonville, Florida Area 263 263 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Heather’s Articles 262 followers We are hiring! Heather Hughes, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 9, 2015 See all articles Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Mosquito Joe 1,472 followers University of North Florida - College of Business Administration 7,087 followers Retirement Resources, Inc. 30 followers Money Pages 625 followers University of North Florida - College of Business Administration 7,082 followers Rootworks 1,248 followers
More Actions Natalia has a account Natalia Nikulin, CPA, MBA Tax Accountant at Singer, Burke, Zimmer & Butler, LLP Singer, Burke, Zimmer & Butler, LLP Wayne State University Greater Los Angeles Area 79 79 connections Send InMail Highly motivated, detail oriented experienced accountant, solution-focused and known for accuracy, attention to detail and timeliness in making business decisions to effectively manage accounting issues. Capable of acquiring new skills and taking on new roles and responsibilities quickly and effectively. Easily interface with all levels of staff and leadership. Specialties: • External Audit & Attestation • Financial Reporting • Business and Individual Taxation • Tax Planning and Advisory • Accounting & Tax Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) David Armstrong Partner at Edwards, Ellis, Armstrong & Co., P.C. July 13, 2010, David managed Natalia directly Natalia was a detail-oriented staff member who showed great development in the area of corporate and personal income tax preparation and planning. Natalia is extremely intelligent and quickly learned new skills in the area of income taxation. Her work product was always excellent and she required very little direct supervision once the task was designated to her. Natalia would be a wonderful addition to any tax practice looking for a hard working and efficient co-worker. Michael Berry, CPA Client Service Associate at Cusmano & Co. P.C. June 8, 2010, Michael managed Natalia directly I worked with Natlia at Clayton & McKervey and supervised her on several audit and tax engagements. She is a very detail-oriented and hard worker and was very focused on getting the job done correctly and in a timely fashion. She was particularly proficient at accounting and tax research. She is also a thoughtful and caring person and a good co-worker. I would recommend Natalia for a corporate accounting, tax or audit position. Tyrone Norwood, CMRW, CPRW Expert Resume Writer | LinkedIn Profile Writer | Personal Branding Pro | ATS Expert | Hiring Insider | Former Recruiter August 16, 2010, Natalia was a client of Tyrone’s My first experience with Tyrone was when he placed me at a local CPA firm. Since then, he has been an excellent resource of information on career and job search strategies. I recently had him professionally write my resume and take me through a LinkedIn tutorial and strategy session. His attention to detail and ability to capture the most compelling details about my background and achievements has resulted in a resume that I am very confident in. He continues to share ideas and information to help with my job search strategies. I highly recommend Norwood Consulting Group for interview preparation, coaching and resume writing services. Interests Ивановский Государственный Университет (ИвГУ) 2,171 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members LI Detroit 3,596 members Jobs- For CPA, CA, CMA and other Global Finance professionals 10,144 members Chartered and Professional Accountants 38,320 members Michigan Open Networkers (Ann Arbor, Detroit, Grand Rapids, Lansing, Toledo) 3,314 members See all See all following
More Actions Lior has a account Lior Levy, CPA, M.Tax Principal at Levy Group CPAs Levy Group CPAs Nova Southeastern University Greater New York City Area 231 231 connections Send InMail Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 2 of Lior’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Lior’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 4 endorsements for GAAP 4 GAAP Gal Rosenblum and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Cindy FornelliCindy Fornelli is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Center for Audit Quality 380,611 followers Steve BlankSteve Blank is a LinkedIn Influencer Adjunct Professor at Stanford University 470,139 followers Entrepreneur Media 1,656,275 followers Nova Southeastern University 101,884 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 804,577 followers Julie MeyerJulie Meyer is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at EntrepreneurCountry Global 199,110 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Carlisle Retired Abbott Indiana State University Gurnee, Illinois 222 222 connections Send InMail My last position before retirement on June 30, 2015 was as Entity Controller, reporting to the Corporate Controller and supporting Treasury, Tax and the Transition Organization. Responsibilities include entity planning, transfer pricing, intercompany deferred margin planning and accounting, cash flow analysis, entity governance, and support of Business Development. Career included progressive and diverse Accounting and Finance positions across multiple revenue and service divisions of Abbott. Education includes Indiana State University and Virginia Tech. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by Joe Kosinski and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Jeff’s colleagues at Abbott Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 10 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 10 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by Cathy Hamilton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jeff’s colleagues at Abbott Click and drag to reorder skills Pharmaceutical Industry See 8 endorsements for Pharmaceutical Industry 8 Pharmaceutical Industry Endorsed by 6 of Jeff’s colleagues at Abbott Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Indiana State University 72,622 followers Virginia Tech 200,568 followers Illinois Jump$tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy 39 members Virginia Tech 195,217 followers Abbott 825,441 followers Indiana State University 63,739 followers
More Actions Jeanne has a account Jeanne Rodriguez CPA/Risk Management professional JSR Risk Management Consultants Frostburg State University Germantown, Maryland 32 32 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Schaeffer, CPA Tax Senior - International Services Group at Moore Stephens Doeren Mayhew Moore Stephens Doeren Mayhew Walsh College of Accountancy and Business Administration Fenton, Michigan 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Michael has a multitude of professional tax accounting experience, specializing across many facets of tax including: Not For Profit (Hospitals as well as other 501(c)(3) entities, Corporate (C and S-Corps), Partnerships (Real Estate Based), Individual, and Expatriate Tax. I am a highly motivated and ambitious individual, with the goal of making partner, in a public accounting firm. I continue to develop my knowledge base through constantly keeping abreast of issues related to all accountants via membership in the AICPA, pursuing additional education (MST), and undertaking new projects to both widen and deepen my knowledge. Specialties: Individual & Expatriate Taxation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Kirill Ostapenko and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Kirill Ostapenko and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Kirill Ostapenko and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Bill Keith Station Manager at WSDP Radio - Plymouth Canton Community Schools May 23, 2011, Bill was Michael’s teacher Mike first became acquainted with WSDP through a middle school class we offered. I was impressed with his seriousness as a young student. You could tell he was mature beyond his age. He joined our staff as a high school student and was especially involved in our sports department as a play-by-play announcer and sports reporter. He eventually served as a Sports Director for the station and provided guidance for our younger sports staff members. He was responsible for scheduling announcers and selecting games to broadcast. It has been exciting to follow Mike's career and I'm confident that he will be successful in anything he pursues. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Moore Stephens Doeren Mayhew 43 followers Crowe Horwath LLP 39,021 followers Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 15,344 members Doeren Mayhew 1,513 followers US Expatriate Taxes 1,091 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members See all See all following
More Actions Paul A. has a account Paul A. Merrill Senior General Ledger Accountant seeking new accounting opportunities Casa de Esperanza: National Latin@ Network University of Wisconsin-River Falls Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 256 256 connections Send InMail Senior Accountant professional with a solid accounting and financial management background of 15 years in various industries and experiences. Industry experience with: Manufacturing, Construction, Financial services, Software, Property Management, Healthcare, and Higher education. Specialties: General Ledger, Fixed assets, Account analysis, Account reconciliations, Month-end closing, Process improvements. Also have purchasing and inventory management experience. Currently seeking a new position as a Senior Accountant in the Twin Cities of Minnesota. E-mail: paulmerrill@outlook.com or call at: (651) 307-2829. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Glenn Hanson and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 17 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 17 Account Reconciliation Glenn Hanson and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 15 endorsements for Accounts Payable 15 Accounts Payable Endorsed by Suzie Bernal, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Svea Meyer Senior Recruiter | Career Coach May 9, 2014, Svea worked with Paul A. but at different companies Paul is a prior consultant of Experis Finance who offers years of experience in accounting at a Senior level. He has a high integrity for his work and has skills in many accounting methodologies including fixed assets, payroll, AP/AR, journal entries, sales and use tax and reconciliations, just to name a few. Paul is easy to communicate with and is a reliable resource. Scott Apelt Division Controller at North American Title Company December 13, 2012, Scott was a client of Paul A.’s Paul worked for me as a staff accountant from Accountemps in 2002-2004 at First American Title and was assigned several projects during this time. He is very detailed oriented and always completed the assigned task in a timely and professional manner. He communicated very well with other associates researching information needed to complete the project. He was extremely trustworthy, consistent and reliable during his tenure and I would sincerely recommend Paul for any staff accounting position.Scott Apelt, Division ControllerNorth American Title Company View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Svea Meyer Senior Recruiter | Career Coach May 12, 2014, Paul A. was a client of Svea’s Svea has been a hard worker looking for an appropriate accounting position for me. She has good knowledge of the financial recruiting field. She also has done a great job in keeping in touch with me on a regular basis; more so than most recruiters. I appreciate her efforts. Charlie Garr Cost Accountant at Colder Products Company July 16, 2013, Paul A. reported directly to Charlie Charlie was my manager while I worked as a contractor at Aetrium. I enjoyed working with him there. He was very effective and helpful in teaching me my duties. He was very knowledgeable about the entire accounting function at Aetrium and let me get involved in much of it during my short stay there, including the SOX and sales tax audits. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests LarsonAllen 3,186 followers The Mergis Group Network 4,859 members St. Jude Medical 123,673 followers Allianz Life 29,376 followers MinnesotaJobs.com 10,435 members Northwestern Health Sciences University 5,154 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Fleisher, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at WithumSmith+Brown WithumSmith+Brown Rutgers University Greater New York City Area 408 408 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Endorsed by Joseph H. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 18 endorsements for Tax Returns 18 Tax Returns Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 15 endorsements for Tax Accounting 15 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Thomson Reuters Checkpoint 6,321 followers EisnerLubin 551 followers Rutgers Business School Alumni Association (RBSAA)-Official 4,381 members CPA Trendlines 51,717 members Berdon LLP 5,557 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,697 members See all See all following
More Actions Vicky has a account Vicky Taylor, CPA Senior Director of Tax at Ingenu Inc. Ingenu Inc. California State University-Fullerton Greater San Diego Area 395 395 connections Send InMail Senior Tax/Financial Director with 30+ years of experience in various industries and environments. Work to assist companies with tax and financial needs that utilize abilities in management, problem solving, accuracy, research, planning and presentation by developing a clear vision and direction through leadership that will ultimately contribute to accurate and lower costs of doing business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 34 endorsements for Tax 34 Tax Endorsed by Carl DiNicola and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 11 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 22 endorsements for Auditing 22 Auditing Endorsed by 9 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Jose Estevez IT Business Systems Analyst at PriceSmart February 7, 2013, Jose worked with Vicky in the same group Jose is a consummate professional whose expertise, project management and communication skills added significant value to various billing and tax processes. Jose is a pleasure to work with, has a great team player attitude and is a true asset to any organization. Eric Talner President, Nevertardy Transit November 14, 2011, Vicky was a client of Eric’s Eric's transportation service has been such an asset to our family. We have entrusted our child's transportation to and from school since he started his service over 3 years ago, and have never been disappointed. Eric is professional, provides the best service, cares about his customers and is extrememly reliable. He has allowed us flexibility with our schedules because we can always rely on Never Tardy! Highly Recommended! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests California State University, Fullerton 162,677 followers California State University, Fullerton 155,910 followers San Diego Leadership Forum 50 members Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members Cricket Wireless 19,242 followers Sales Tax Consultants 4,215 members See all See all following
More Actions Megan has a account Megan Moody, CPA Vice President, Financial Reporting and Assistant Controller at Quorum Health Quorum Health Belmont University - Jack C. Massey Graduate School of Business Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A CPA with outstanding leadership, interpersonal and communication skills. Experience includes Sarbanes-Oxley public company audits, preparation and analysis of financial statements, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, mergers and acquisitions, and hospital financial operations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Megan’s Activity 698 followers Megan shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 27 endorsements for Auditing 27 Auditing Endorsed by Gabe Ottinger and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Megan’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 18 endorsements for Financial Analysis 18 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 6 of Megan’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 15 endorsements for Process Improvement 15 Process Improvement John Hyland and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Interests Community Health Systems, Inc. (FQHC) 1,609 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,360 followers Community Health Systems 43,115 followers Belmont University - Jack C. Massey Graduate School of Business 2,665 followers Belmont University - Jack C. Massey Graduate School of Business 2,725 followers Modern Healthcare 408,905 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Anderson CPA/Independent Consultant (self employed) Capital Star Oil & Gas, Inc. Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 197 197 connections Send InMail Senior level professional with 35+ years of experience and expertise in accounting, financial management, tax, audit, and business management/operations. * CPA with five years of Big 4 experience (2 1/2 years audit and 2 1/2 years tax). * 20+ years of experience as a CFO and Controller with an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with a crude oil marketing and transportation subsidiary * 23 years of experience with high net worth families dealing with various tax, financial, investment, estate and gift tax issues. * 3 years of experience as an executive (Executive VP & CFO) dealing with various commercial real estate and property management issues and brokerage transactions. * 9+ years of experience working on a variety of business consulting engagements. Specialties: * Upstream Oil & Gas-CFO & Controller * Commercial Real Estate-CFO * High Net Worth Family Management * Acquisitions and Sales * Joint Interest Operations * Budgeting and Planning * Federal/State/Property Taxes * Contract Negotiations and Compliance * Loan Compliance & Lender Relations * Fiduciary Administration * Financial Statements/General Ledger * Multi-Entity/Multi-State Reporting * Cash Management & Cash Flow * Property Management * Insurance/Risk Management * Litigation Support * Auditing * Personnel & Employee Benefits * Estate & Gift Tax Planning * Lease Administration See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Upstream Oil & Gas-CFO See 1 endorsement for Upstream Oil & Gas-CFO 1 Upstream Oil & Gas-CFO Theo Blue, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Commercial Real Estate-CFO Commercial Real Estate-CFO No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills High Net Worth Family Financial/Tax Management See 1 endorsement for High Net Worth Family Financial/Tax Management 1 High Net Worth Family Financial/Tax Management Theo Blue, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Theo Blue, CPA Owner April 23, 2014, Theo managed Gary directly I am pleased to write this Letter of Recommendation for Gary Anderson, CPA. I was instrumental in him being hired by our independent oil & gas company and crude oil marketing company. Gary worked under my direct supervision and as a colleague for over 20 yrs. I have the highest regardfor him as a person of integrity and intelligence. Gary relates well with people and seems to thrive under pressure and responsibility. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Greater Houston Texas A&M Networking Group 6,760 members Texas A&M University 358,591 followers Texas A&M University 341,696 followers
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Stanell, CPA Managing Principal at CS&L CPAs CS&L CPAs Eastern Illinois University Sarasota, Florida Area 256 256 connections Send InMail Managing Principal at CS&L CPAs with 25 years experience providing tax solutions, management consulting and outsourced CFO services. Industry Expertise: • Health Care • Not-for-Profit Organizations • Retail • Real Estate Development • Closely Held Businesses • Professional Service Corporations • Service & Engineering Companies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights
More Actions Tax Accountant has a account Tax Accountant Sarwar Accountant at Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Pakistan 37 37 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Fleisher, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at WithumSmith+Brown WithumSmith+Brown Rutgers University Greater New York City Area 408 408 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name WithumSmith+Brown Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Emphasis on preparation of complex tax returns for High Net Worth Individuals, Corporations and Partnerships. Tax Intern Company Name WeiserMazars LLP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos Compliance Staff in Tax Department focusing on preparing workpapers and tax returns for individuals and partnerships. Education Rutgers University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting, Political Science, History Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Endorsed by Joseph H. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 18 endorsements for Tax Returns 18 Tax Returns Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 15 endorsements for Tax Accounting 15 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Farkouh, Furman & Faccio Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Loeb & Troper 701 followers EisnerLubin 551 followers Jewish CPA Network 674 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Novogradac & Company LLP 9,511 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tax Accountant has a account Tax Accountant Sarwar Accountant at Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Pakistan 37 37 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Super Asia Muhammad Din Sons Ltd. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Anderson CPA/Independent Consultant (self employed) Capital Star Oil & Gas, Inc. Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 197 197 connections Send InMail Senior level professional with 35+ years of experience and expertise in accounting, financial management, tax, audit, and business management/operations. * CPA with five years of Big 4 experience (2 1/2 years audit and 2 1/2 years tax). * 20+ years of experience as a CFO and Controller with an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with a crude oil marketing and transportation subsidiary * 23 years of experience with high net worth families dealing with various tax, financial, investment, estate and gift tax issues. * 3 years of experience as an executive (Executive VP & CFO) dealing with various commercial real estate and property management issues and brokerage transactions. * 9+ years of experience working on a variety of business consulting engagements. Specialties: * Upstream Oil & Gas-CFO & Controller * Commercial Real Estate-CFO * High Net Worth Family Management * Acquisitions and Sales * Joint Interest Operations * Budgeting and Planning * Federal/State/Property Taxes * Contract Negotiations and Compliance * Loan Compliance & Lender Relations * Fiduciary Administration * Financial Statements/General Ledger * Multi-Entity/Multi-State Reporting * Cash Management & Cash Flow * Property Management * Insurance/Risk Management * Litigation Support * Auditing * Personnel & Employee Benefits * Estate & Gift Tax Planning * Lease Administration See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Theo Blue, CPA Owner April 23, 2014, Theo managed Gary directly I am pleased to write this Letter of Recommendation for Gary Anderson, CPA. I was instrumental in him being hired by our independent oil & gas company and crude oil marketing company. Gary worked under my direct supervision and as a colleague for over 20 yrs. I have the highest regardfor him as a person of integrity and intelligence. Gary relates well with people and seems to thrive under pressure and responsibility. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Texas A&M University 358,591 followers The Greater Houston Texas A&M Networking Group 6,760 members Texas A&M University 341,696 followers
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Stanell, CPA Managing Principal at CS&L CPAs CS&L CPAs Eastern Illinois University Sarasota, Florida Area 256 256 connections Send InMail Managing Principal at CS&L CPAs with 25 years experience providing tax solutions, management consulting and outsourced CFO services. Industry Expertise: • Health Care • Not-for-Profit Organizations • Retail • Real Estate Development • Closely Held Businesses • Professional Service Corporations • Service & Engineering Companies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by David J. Reali, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 9 endorsements for CPA 9 CPA Endorsed by Gursewak S., CA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Gursewak S., CA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Interests Eastern Illinois University 57,927 followers Manatee Glens 385 followers Goodwill Manasota 633 followers CS&L CPAs 419 followers Eastern Illinois University 59,181 followers Florida Institute of CPAs (FICPA) 2,818 followers
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Dufour, JD, MBA, CPA Founder, Dufour Tax Group, LLC Dufour Tax Group, LLC Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Portland, Maine 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail We provide comprehensive and strategic tax planning and compliance services to closely-held businesses and individuals worldwide. Highlights Follow Follow Peter’s Articles & Activity 3,405 followers 2016 Leisureman Triathlon, June 23rd and 24th Peter Dufour, JD, MBA, CPA on LinkedIn See 4 more articles The Pharmacy of the Future Is Ready For Your Bathroom Counter Peter liked Gorham Savings Bank's 2017 Live LaunchPad Competition Peter liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 119 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Dorota McKay, CPA, CMA, CFE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Peter’s colleagues at Macpage LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 115 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by 12 of Peter’s colleagues at Macpage LLC Endorsed by 8 people who know Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 81 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 81 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 5 of Peter’s colleagues at Macpage LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (5) Peter Anania Partner @Fluent | Publisher @MaineIcons | Owner @LocalHostCoworking June 3, 2016, Peter was a client of Peter’s Peter is an expert in his field and has been a great resource for guidance and advice while growing my business. You get the feeling that he is truly invested and interested in seeing your business succeed and grow. Geoff Lamdin Venture Development, Interim Mgmt., CleanTech, Renewables & Sustainability, Professional Advisor, LeftFieldSolutions.com January 6, 2015, Geoff was a client of Peter’s Our family has nothing but the highest regard and pleasure from working with Peter. He and his team truly bailed a family member out f some very complicated international tax obligations - Thank you again! AWESOME that you are starting up your own firm. Break a leg :-)Geoff View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations William Pusey Principal at Emery Leadership Group LLC August 4, 2016, Peter worked with William in different groups I have known and worked with Bill in many different capacities for over 12 years. The words that immediately come to mind when I think of Bill are integrity, honesty, sincerity, excellent judgment, and trustworthiness. There are only a few people in my circle of trust -- Bill is one of them, and has been for a long, long time. Paula Lundgren Financial Data Organization (Bookkeeper), Accounting Technology (Tech Geek), Business Process Analysis (Efficiency Guru) March 14, 2011, Peter worked with Paula but at different companies Paula is one of the most polished and talented accounting professionals I have ever had the pleasure of working with. She can not only ensure that your financial records are timely and accurate, but she also has the ability to take step back from the detail and develop insights into the implications behind the numbers. Her ability to effectively communicate with top level management greatly enhances their ability to make proactive, strategic decisions.I highly, and without reservation, recommend Paula for all of your financial and managerial accounting needs. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Interests Carroll School of Management Graduate Programs 5,294 members American Tax Experts 2,441 members Leisureman Triathlon 15 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,425 followers Maine Entrepreneurs 7,545 members Boston College Law School 11,474 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vicky has a account Vicky Taylor, CPA Senior Director of Tax at Ingenu Inc. Ingenu Inc. California State University-Fullerton Greater San Diego Area 395 395 connections Send InMail Senior Tax/Financial Director with 30+ years of experience in various industries and environments. Work to assist companies with tax and financial needs that utilize abilities in management, problem solving, accuracy, research, planning and presentation by developing a clear vision and direction through leadership that will ultimately contribute to accurate and lower costs of doing business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 34 endorsements for Tax 34 Tax Endorsed by Carl DiNicola and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 11 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 22 endorsements for Auditing 22 Auditing Endorsed by 9 of Vicky’s colleagues at Cricket Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Jose Estevez IT Business Systems Analyst at PriceSmart February 7, 2013, Jose worked with Vicky in the same group Jose is a consummate professional whose expertise, project management and communication skills added significant value to various billing and tax processes. Jose is a pleasure to work with, has a great team player attitude and is a true asset to any organization. Eric Talner President, Nevertardy Transit November 14, 2011, Vicky was a client of Eric’s Eric's transportation service has been such an asset to our family. We have entrusted our child's transportation to and from school since he started his service over 3 years ago, and have never been disappointed. Eric is professional, provides the best service, cares about his customers and is extrememly reliable. He has allowed us flexibility with our schedules because we can always rely on Never Tardy! Highly Recommended! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests California State University, Fullerton 162,678 followers San Diego Leadership Forum 50 members Tax Technology Forum 6,601 members Sales Tax Consultants 4,215 members California State University, Fullerton 155,910 followers Cricket Wireless 19,242 followers See all See all following
More Actions Natalie J. has a account Natalie J. Kubik, CPA at Natalie J Kubik, CPA, PLLC Natalie J Kubik, CPA Tax Practitioner Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 353 353 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My practice specializes in tax return preparation, tax planning and education for individuals and small businesses. I serve a broad client base, including wholesale distribution, real estate, manufacturing and service industries. I have more than nine years of experience in small business accounting, from bookkeeping to financial audits to tax return preparation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 37 endorsements for Accounting 37 Accounting Endorsed by Michael Landers and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by 8 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 27 endorsements for Tax Preparation 27 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 4 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Billy Granville Founder & Owner April 3, 2013, Billy was a client of Natalie J.’s “Surrounding myself with talented, highly-skilled professionals is crucial to my growth as an entrepreneur. Natalie has proven to be a tremendous asset to our firm’s continued success. Not only has she recommended sound strategies to minimize our tax liabilities. Natalie has continually provided us with valuable advice, concerning various aspects of our operation. I consider Natalie a Trusted Advisor. In addition to Natalie’s expert guidance, I choose to engage her because of her relationship-based business model. She is very thorough and responsive to my calls and emails.” Sandra Exline CFO/CMO and Co-Owner at CrossFit West Houston April 3, 2013, Sandra was a client of Natalie J.’s Natalie Kubik is an outstanding accountant. As a client, I feel confident Natalie will always make every effort humanly possible to ensure our (business and personal) tax matters are handled professionally and diligently. Natalie takes organization and diligence to whole new level. She is someone I'm very happy to "have in our corner"!! Sean Peterson Strategic Account Manager May 24, 2012, Natalie J. was a client of Sean’s Sean is a great resource for my company! He always makes me feel like I'm his only customer with the attention he provides when he works with us. He takes ownership of IT issues at my company as if they were his own and stays with us until he finds the best solution. I would hire Sean again for any project I have in the future. Interests Houston CPA Society 2,979 members Granville Group 125 members Hunter Real Estate Group 130 followers Texas A&M University 341,696 followers Texas Young Professionals (Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin & Fort Worth Chapters) 91,868 members Houston CPA Society Young Professionals 2,074 members See all See all following
More Actions Russell has a account Russell Price, CPA, ACA, CGMA Senior Manager at Percipio Consulting Group Percipio Consulting Group Washington State University Portland, Oregon Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Russell Price is currently a Senior Manager with Percipio Consulting Group. Previously he spent 15 years with Intel Corporation in a variety of assignments including Senior Compliance Manager, Global Fixed Assets Accounting Controller, IT Legal Discovery and Compliance Manager, Internal Audit Manager, IT Controls Controller, PARIS Program Manager, and eAP Program Manager. Prior to joining Intel, he was a Senior Manager with Arthur Andersen where he focused on finance re-engineering, shared services, and internal audit outsourcing. In addition to his Big 4 experience, Russell has held positions in both corporate accounting and operations finance with Tektronix and Frito-Lay. He is a CPA in WA and OR, an ACA (Chartered Accountant) in the UK, a CIA (Certified Internal Auditor) and CISA (Certified Information System Auditor), and holds a BS in Chemical Engineering from Oregon State University, an MBA from Portland State University, and a MAcc from Washington State University. He also holds a certification in IFRS from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Formerly he was a Director of the state Board of the WA Society of CPAs, served multiple terms as the President of the SW WA Chapter of the WSCPA, and was a member of the AICPA Business and Industry Executive Committee. Russell and his wife Karen are the parents of three adult / college aged children. Outside of work, Russell enjoys distance running, cycling, OSU athletics, reading, international travel, and participating church and community activities. Specialties: Accounting / Finance, SOX, IT Program Management, eDiscovery, Shared Services, Process Re-engineering, Internal Audit, FCPA / UKABA Compliance See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Russell’s Activity 1,128 followers Project Management Professional (PMP)® was issued by Project Management Institute to Gerard Molloy. Russell liked A Lesson in Customer Service Russell liked Ann’s photo Russell liked We're excited to announce that our installation truck now includes our branding! Pictured here: our Installation Manager with our newly-branded WRO truck. Russell liked Advertisement Russell liked We want to say a big thank you to everyone that came out last night to celebrate at our Open House! We are glad you love our new office as much as we do and thank you for supporting us over the last 15 years! And as promised, some pictures of our new space! To find out more about Percipio and what we do, click here: http://buff.ly/2rG245r Russell liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 64 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 64 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by Karen Rasmussen, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 36 of Russell’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 44 endorsements for Accounting 44 Accounting Endorsed by Rich Jones, CPA, CGMA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Russell’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 33 endorsements for Internal Audit 33 Internal Audit Endorsed by David Coulombe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Russell’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jon Hawes Data Insight Strategy @ Panaseer October 23, 2008, Jon worked with Russell but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Russell at our initiative on electronic evidence and e-discovery and would not hesitate to recommend him as an excellent and engaging speaker with a wealth of expertise. I thoroughly enjoyed our conversations and, I very much hope to have the opportunity to work with him again. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests FCPA - Foreign Corrupt Practices Act - Anti-Corruption Compliance Group 22,175 members CPA Trendlines 51,717 members ICAEW 23,363 followers Percipio Consulting Group 2,169 followers Oregon State University 134,878 followers The Economist (official group for The Economist newspaper) 119,659 members See all See all following
More Actions Timothy has a account Timothy Scott, CPA Owner, Timothy D. Scott, CPA, PA Timothy D. Scott, CPA, PA Florida State University Tallahassee, Florida Area 51 51 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Laura Hoover and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Laura Hoover and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Jim Walker RN PhD CCRC and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Florida State University 227,753 followers Florida State University 238,407 followers
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Stone Commercial Accountant at PureCircle USA PureCircle USA Purdue University - Krannert School of Management Greater Chicago Area 153 153 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounts Payable See 9 endorsements for Accounts Payable 9 Accounts Payable Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scaletta Armoring Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 8 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 8 Account Reconciliation Sasikumar Rajapan and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bank Reconciliation See 8 endorsements for Bank Reconciliation 8 Bank Reconciliation Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scaletta Armoring Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Purdue University Krannert School of Management 25,031 followers PureCircle 3,705 followers Purdue University Krannert School of Management 19,391 followers Purdue University - Krannert School of Management 19,096 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Conachey, CPA Tax Senior at EY EY University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a Tax Senior at Ernst & Young in Houston, TX. I graduated from the University of Houston C.T. Bauer College of Business with a Master of Science in Accountancy and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting. I am a licensed CPA in Texas. I specialize in U.S. federal income tax, and I specifically provide tax provision audit and tax compliance services to domestic and multinational corporations in a variety of industry sectors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax C. Dean Kring - Research and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASC 740 See 3 endorsements for ASC 740 3 ASC 740 C. Dean Kring - Research and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 1 endorsement for Financial Services 1 Financial Services C. Dean Kring - Research has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) John O'Dell Partner at ODell Resources February 19, 2010, John was Andrew’s mentor Andrew is a true leader who thrives on involvement in any organization or project that he chooses to pursue. He quietly goes about creating results and enrolls others to participate. Jack Stalsby President at Jack E. & Greta W. Stalsby Foundation June 7, 2009, Jack was Andrew’s mentor WE provide an Educational Grant to the University of Houston Business School. Andrew has qualified for two years and will recieve the grant for the third year this year. He has met the requirement of grades and leadership qualities every year. We have come to know Andrew and find him to be a very responsible young man. We are proud to be able to recommend him for any position that he might seek. You can be assured that he will deliver quality work and insight to a opportunity. Christine Gonzaga Data Management Analyst at UTHealth Science: Gulf States Hemophilia and Thrombophilia Center January 30, 2011, Andrew and Christine were students together Christine served two officer positions for me in Delta Sigma Pi. She is a great motivator and brought many creative ideas to the table as Fundraising Chair and Vice President of Professional Activities. Christine knows how to deliver positive results and will make a great addition to any team environment. Robert Ferguson Experienced Talent Acquisition Specialist exploring new opportunities August 26, 2010, Robert was senior to Andrew but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of knowing Rob Ferguson for about two years now as the Senior College Recruiter at El Paso Corporation. Rob was wonderful to work with in setting up a sponsorship for Delta Sigma Pi Professional Fraternity at the University of Houston. I also had the pleasure of getting to know more about El Paso through Rob. Rob was very helpful and informative when I recruited with El Paso, and he conveys the values of El Paso's culture. I enjoyed continuing to work with Rob when I interned with El Paso. He greatly contributed to my excellent intern experience. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Bob PattonBob Patton is a LinkedIn Influencer Americas Vice Chair of Advisory Services at EY 34,264 followers EY 50,737 members The El Paso Company, El Paso Natural Gas, and subsidiaries 1,992 members Thomson Reuters 1,153,276 followers Mark WeinbergerMark Weinberger is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman & CEO, EY 304,553 followers Houston Energy/Oil & Gas Accounting/Finance Network 2,095 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Purcell, CPA, CGMA Controller, Thorndale Farm, LLC Thorndale Farm LLC State University of New York at Albany Greater New York City Area 256 256 connections Send InMail Controller of a single family office. CPA and CGMA. Maintain the books and records for the family office and investment vehicles. Forecasting and budgeting for related entities. Quarterly and annual financial statements prepared for the family office. Operational auditing for outsourced services. Maintain books and records for Mashomack Polo Club. Past public accounting experience: Audits, reviews compilations, and tax returns. Previous public accounting industries: Small businesses, financial institutions, construction contractors, and not-for-profits. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Controller Company Name Thorndale Farm LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Millbrook, New York Controller of a single family office. Partner Company Name D'Arcangelo & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location Poughkeepsie, NY Full service CPA firm specializing in internal audit, audit, tax, and consulting services. Financial institutions, small business, non-profits. Senior Accountant Company Name UHY Advisors Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Albany, New York Area Audits, reviews, and compilations. Tax returns. Financial institutions, small business, non-profits. Education State University of New York at Albany Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 B.S. in Accounting. Graduated with honors Summa Cum Laude. Member of business honor society Beta Gamma Sigma. Volunteer Experience Past President Company Name Mid-Hudson Chapter NYSSCPA Dates volunteered Jun 2006 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 10 yrs President of local chapter for the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Board Member - Treasurer Company Name Millbrook Library Dates volunteered Apr 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 3 mos Cause Education Board member of the Millbrook Library Past Board Member - Treasurer Company Name Millbrook Business Association Dates volunteered Aug 2014 – Dec 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Economic Empowerment Board Member of the Millbrook Business Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Steve Mayer, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 18 endorsements for Auditing 18 Auditing Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at D'Arcangelo & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 10 endorsements for Financial Reporting 10 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at D'Arcangelo & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CGMA CPA Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,521 followers EACUBO 1,099 members Dutchess County Regional Chamber of Commerce 1,262 members National Association of Colleges and Employers 41,284 members Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,586 followers Governance, Risk and Compliance Management (GRC) 64,092 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris York, CPA Partner, TYS, LLP Trusted Advisors and Accountants TYS, LLP California State University-Sacramento San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm a CPA, consultant and working on becoming a collaborative leader. Father of three tremendous boys who keep me and my wonderful wife very busy. Professionally I am one of three partners in TYS, LLP (formerly ThomasYork, LLP). Our firm is a local CPA firm that specializes in utilizing innovative processes to provide quality services to closely held businesses and high net worth individuals. We believe in running our business using a collaborative operating system which allows us to capitalize on the strengths that all team members bring to the firm. We do not believe in the traditional hierarchy associated with professional firms or the traditional methods used by these firms. We consider ourselves knowledge workers and as such sell our knowledge and our expertise to our clients, not time. We do not bill any of our work by the hour. All engagements are value priced before any work is performed so that all stakeholders have a clear understanding of what service will be provided and for what price. Our firm has two offices; our main office in San Ramon, CA and our office in Rochester, NY. While our clients are generally within a drive of either location, we do have clients in several other states as well. Our firm is a full service CPA firm providing audit, tax, bookkeeping and consulting services. We specialize in providing services to construction contractors of all types. Our client list contains some of the most respected general and subcontractors in the SF Bay Area. Specialties: Construction contractor accounting and tax See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Chris’ Activity 624 followers 166 Montair Drive - 166 Montair Dr, Danville, CA 94526 Chris liked Dreams Happen Chris liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 42 endorsements for Accounting 42 Accounting Endorsed by Monica Blevins and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at TYS, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 42 endorsements for CPA 42 CPA Endorsed by Monica Blevins and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at TYS, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 41 endorsements for Tax 41 Tax Endorsed by Monica Blevins, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at TYS, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Sageworks 9,583 followers Construction Professionals Forum 95,549 members AICPA 60,327 followers California State University-Sacramento 132,219 followers TYS, LLP 2,888 followers United Contractors 2,154 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dion has a account Dion Gransden Tax Accountant Perth, Australia 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Natalie J. has a account Natalie J. Kubik, CPA at Natalie J Kubik, CPA, PLLC Natalie J Kubik, CPA Tax Practitioner Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 353 353 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My practice specializes in tax return preparation, tax planning and education for individuals and small businesses. I serve a broad client base, including wholesale distribution, real estate, manufacturing and service industries. I have more than nine years of experience in small business accounting, from bookkeeping to financial audits to tax return preparation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 37 endorsements for Accounting 37 Accounting Endorsed by Michael Landers and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by 8 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 27 endorsements for Tax Preparation 27 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 4 of Natalie J.’s colleagues at UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Interests AICPA Women in the Profession 12,281 members CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Texas A&M University 341,696 followers Hunter Real Estate Group 130 followers Houston CPA Society Young Professionals 2,074 members 1.618 Multimedia 24 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Fisher Marketing for Hergott Law Hergott Law Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada 198 198 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Nicole’s Activity 198 followers In Canada we don’t need political will to change our laws - Hergott Law Nicole liked Local "N" driver joins the 99% Nicole liked A first in Canada, B.C.'s small claims to be resolved online from now on Nicole shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 19 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 19 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Nicole’s colleagues at Pretium Resources Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 16 endorsements for Microsoft Office 16 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Nicole’s colleagues at Pretium Resources Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 13 endorsements for Customer Service 13 Customer Service Endorsed by 2 of Nicole’s colleagues at Pretium Resources Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) 9,713 followers Agnico Eagle Mines Limited 19,199 followers The University of British Columbia 265,605 followers Focus Features 26,652 followers British Columbia Institute of Technology 111,725 followers Tolko Industries 6,400 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dale has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Dale Walters, CPA, PFS, CFP® (U.S. and Canada) Canada-U.S. Tax | Cross Border Wealth Management | Canada-U.S. Investment Management | Author | Speaker KeatsConnelly - Cross Border Wealth Management Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business Phoenix, Arizona 500+ 500+ connections InMail Author of "Buying Real Estate in the US: The Concise Guide for Canadians"​ and co-author of "Taxation of Canadians in America,"​ and "Taxation of Americans in Canada,"​ all of which are published by Self-Counsel Press. CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER (CFP) professional certified in both the U.S. and Canada. Also a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Personal Financial Specialist (PFS), and Investment Advisor Certified Compliance Professional (IACCP). Chief Executive Officer at KeatsConnelly from 2004 to 2016 and Chairman from September 2016 to March 2017. This is my 37th year in the profession and 23nd year specializing in U.S./Canada cross-border financial planning. My career started in 1980 with Investors Diversified Services (IDS). After obtaining my degree in accounting at Arizona State University I went to work for the international accounting firm of KPMG Peat Marwick. SPECIALTIES: U.S.-Canada cross-border wealth management. As a cross border wealth manager I addressed issues such as immigration, tax planning, U.S. and Canadian tax preparation, U.S. and Canadian portfolio management, how to qualify for U.S. Social Security and Medicare, U.S. estate planning, and how to transfer assets across the border. I also advise Canadians on how to structure the purchase of U.S. real estate, as well as the income and estate tax implications of owning real estate in the U.S. Email: dalew5454@gmail.com Phone: 602-321-2310 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Dale’s Articles & Activity 2,233 followers Looking to use my experience and skills at a new firm. Dale Walters, CPA, PFS, CFP® (U.S. and Canada) on LinkedIn See 1 more article Ethics as a Gift: My Living Ethical Will Dale liked RepublicBankAz is doing deals and building relationships. We have the capital and funding. We'd love the opportunity to work with forward thinking Arizona companies. Dale liked Caliber Announces Jade Leung as Chief Financial Officer Dale liked See all activity Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Estate Planning Estate Planning Click and drag to reorder skills Wealth Management Wealth Management Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax Income Tax Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Linda Gerchick, CCIM Accomplished Real Estate Investment Advisor - Leader in Arizona Connected to over 12,000 Like Minded Investors July 20, 2010, Dale worked with Linda but at different companies Linda is smart, competent and hard working - all essential attributes of an outstanding realtor. Interests Arizona State University - the official page of the ASU community 45,093 members Family Promise of Greater Phoenix 66 followers NRS - National Regulatory Services 1,928 followers Continental Tax Professional Corporation 8 followers Personal Financial Planning for Canadians 27 members Matthews Group LLP 123 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mitch has a account Mitch Freedman Corp President at Mitch Freedman PS Inc. Mitch Freedman PS Inc. Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Mitch’s Articles 500 followers Public Accounting Position Mitch Freedman on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 27, 2016 See all articles Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 45 endorsements for Accounting 45 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Mitchell, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 40 endorsements for Tax 40 Tax Stuart Wood and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Financial Planning See 31 endorsements for Strategic Financial Planning 31 Strategic Financial Planning Michael Crumpacker and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Steve Szirmai CFO February 24, 2011, Steve worked with Mitch but at different companies Mitch has been a fellow Rotarian for going on 6 years, as well as being my CPA and Accountant for the last 4 years. He is a true partner and business colleague, with not only Tax advice, but profiessional financial advice.Mitch is ethical and honest to the nth degree, and is a true business partner.I heartily recommend Mitch as a Tax and Accounting professional, as well as Rotarian and friend! Mike Sunseri President and Owner, Media Agents Inc March 11, 2008, Mike was a client of Mitch’s Mitch Freedman has been our CPA over the life of several companies. He does stellar, accurate accounting and investment consulting at blazing speed. I would recommend him to anyone. Michelle Scarf Spa Concierge - Health Wellness Fitness at PRO Sports Club April 8, 2014, Mitch worked with Michelle but at different companies Michelle is a competitve and consistent worker. If you need to get anything done, Michelle can handle it. Hard worker. Anthony Cangialosi Principal PM Lead at Microsoft | We're hiring! August 2, 2011, Anthony worked with Mitch in the same group I have worked with Anthony on the ARC of King County Board. Anthony is highly organized, an excellent communicator, and extremely knowledgeable regarding his field. I am very comfortable highly recommending him. Please do your Company a favor and consider Anthony. Interests Rotary International Group 72,779 members Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management 17,427 followers Strategic Planning for Nonprofits 77,997 members Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club 139 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,697 members Paul Harris Fellow 10,900 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Conachey, CPA Tax Senior at EY EY University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a Tax Senior at Ernst & Young in Houston, TX. I graduated from the University of Houston C.T. Bauer College of Business with a Master of Science in Accountancy and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting. I am a licensed CPA in Texas. I specialize in U.S. federal income tax, and I specifically provide tax provision audit and tax compliance services to domestic and multinational corporations in a variety of industry sectors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax C. Dean Kring - Research and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASC 740 See 3 endorsements for ASC 740 3 ASC 740 C. Dean Kring - Research and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 1 endorsement for Financial Services 1 Financial Services C. Dean Kring - Research has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) John O'Dell Partner at ODell Resources February 19, 2010, John was Andrew’s mentor Andrew is a true leader who thrives on involvement in any organization or project that he chooses to pursue. He quietly goes about creating results and enrolls others to participate. Jack Stalsby President at Jack E. & Greta W. Stalsby Foundation June 7, 2009, Jack was Andrew’s mentor WE provide an Educational Grant to the University of Houston Business School. Andrew has qualified for two years and will recieve the grant for the third year this year. He has met the requirement of grades and leadership qualities every year. We have come to know Andrew and find him to be a very responsible young man. We are proud to be able to recommend him for any position that he might seek. You can be assured that he will deliver quality work and insight to a opportunity. Christine Gonzaga Data Management Analyst at UTHealth Science: Gulf States Hemophilia and Thrombophilia Center January 30, 2011, Andrew and Christine were students together Christine served two officer positions for me in Delta Sigma Pi. She is a great motivator and brought many creative ideas to the table as Fundraising Chair and Vice President of Professional Activities. Christine knows how to deliver positive results and will make a great addition to any team environment. Robert Ferguson Experienced Talent Acquisition Specialist exploring new opportunities August 26, 2010, Robert was senior to Andrew but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of knowing Rob Ferguson for about two years now as the Senior College Recruiter at El Paso Corporation. Rob was wonderful to work with in setting up a sponsorship for Delta Sigma Pi Professional Fraternity at the University of Houston. I also had the pleasure of getting to know more about El Paso through Rob. Rob was very helpful and informative when I recruited with El Paso, and he conveys the values of El Paso's culture. I enjoyed continuing to work with Rob when I interned with El Paso. He greatly contributed to my excellent intern experience. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Corptax 6,988 followers Houston CPA Society 2,979 members LinkedIn 2,169,208 followers LeaderShape 6,170 members Houston Energy/Oil & Gas Accounting/Finance Network 2,095 members Thomson Reuters 1,153,275 followers See all See all following
More Actions Haruka has a account Haruka Sakuma, CPA, MBA Tax Senior Associate at PwC PwC The University of Texas at El Paso Los Angeles, California 253 253 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Haruka’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 9 endorsements for Tax Accounting 9 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Haruka’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 9 endorsements for CPA 9 CPA Endorsed by 2 of Haruka’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests UTEP College of Business Administration Alumni 398 members PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,179 members SoftBank Group 13,685 followers The University of Texas at El Paso 57,046 followers UTEP Alumni Association 4,926 members The University of Texas at El Paso 60,257 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Purcell, CPA, CGMA Controller, Thorndale Farm, LLC Thorndale Farm LLC State University of New York at Albany Greater New York City Area 256 256 connections Send InMail Controller of a single family office. CPA and CGMA. Maintain the books and records for the family office and investment vehicles. Forecasting and budgeting for related entities. Quarterly and annual financial statements prepared for the family office. Operational auditing for outsourced services. Maintain books and records for Mashomack Polo Club. Past public accounting experience: Audits, reviews compilations, and tax returns. Previous public accounting industries: Small businesses, financial institutions, construction contractors, and not-for-profits. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Steve Mayer, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 18 endorsements for Auditing 18 Auditing Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at D'Arcangelo & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 10 endorsements for Financial Reporting 10 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at D'Arcangelo & Co., LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,252 members Dutchess County Regional Chamber of Commerce 1,262 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,527 followers Accounting Today 428,425 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,250,521 followers EACUBO 1,099 members See all See all following
More Actions Ines has a account Ines Santos Tax Accountant at Centene Corporation Centene Corporation University of Missouri-Saint Louis Saint Louis, Missouri 196 196 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Nestlé Purina North America 104,143 followers Hirespin 116,840 members University of Missouri-Saint Louis 62,488 followers National Society of Accountants 10,129 members Contryman Associates, P.C. 254 followers Strategic Consulting Solutions 184 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dion has a account Dion Gransden Tax Accountant Perth, Australia 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Tom has a account Tom Kaltenecker President, KALTENECKER INC KALTENECKER INC Franklin University Westlake Village, California 116 116 connections Send InMail Working with small businesses and professionals since 1982. Opened west coast office in 1989 in Westlake Village. Uses a "Hands-on" approach for busy professionals with one-stop center for accounting, tax advice and business systems set-up. Advocates for digital transfers to keep "paperwork" flowing and save the trees. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Dennis Lea and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 10 endorsements for Small Business 10 Small Business Robb Englin and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Dennis Lea and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Interests The Ohio State University 378,140 followers RKS Design 3,619 followers Franklin University 42,648 followers Franklin University 41,063 followers The Ohio State University 362,525 followers Miami University 159,078 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christina has a account Christina Hilton, CPA Accounting | Taxation | Foreign Reporting Rex Capital Advisors, LLC Siena College Providence, Rhode Island 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant with expertise in business, individual and nonprofit tax. Speaker for professional and public organizations covering business and personal tax updates for the public, small businesses as well as CPA's. Involved in the development of firm training programs for new and existing staff. Member of AICPA, RISCPA. Always interested in furthering growth professionally and personally. Specialties: Consulting with businesses, individuals and nonprofits. Tax Compliance. Development of Mentoring Programs. Presentation of CPE programs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Christina’s Activity Katy Perry and Arianna Huffington Start a New Movement: Shutoff Sundays Christina shared this Learning never stops. Many people die at 25 but are not put in the coffin until 75. The learning stopped for them early. Every day I seek out mentors: people who have great experience to help me, particularly in areas I am new to, excited about, and know nothing about. Here are the only ways I’ve ever been able to find a mentor. I hope they work for you as well: http://bit.ly/2sZSdWE Christina liked Golf Christina shared this See all activity Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation Partnership Taxation Click and drag to reorder skills S Corporations S Corporations Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research Tax Research Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Interests Tax Media Network - Nonprofit Taxation Group 681 members TACO 526 followers The Northeastern Region Tax Roundtable 1,194 members Robert E. MoritzRobert E. Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman PricewaterhouseCoopers Int. at PwC 248,993 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members Hollister Staffing 13,916 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charles has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Charles Johnson, CPA Accounting Manager at Golden Hippo Media Golden Hippo Media University of Notre Dame Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Charles’ Activity 854 followers Nevada Just Became the Most Exciting State for Energy Storage Policy Charles liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 18 endorsements for Auditing 18 Auditing Endorsed by Andrew Coombs, CPA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Endorsed by Andrew Coombs, CPA, MST and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by Alejandro S Mendez and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Deloitte 2,201,879 followers University of Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business 20,301 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 79,017 followers Golden Hippo Media 1,262 followers University of Notre Dame 127,105 followers University of Notre Dame 111,897 followers See all See all following
More Actions Min has a account Min Liu, CPA Sr. Tax Analyst at Waters Corporation Waters Corporation Bentley University Greater Boston Area 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a self-motivated and results-oriented professional with 7 years of experience in taxes. • Demonstrated skills in federal and state income taxation, tax research, and tax analysis • Proven ability to handle multiple tasks effectively in a fast-paced work environment to meet deliverable deadlines See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Federal & State Income Tax Compliance See 1 endorsement for Federal & State Income Tax Compliance 1 Federal & State Income Tax Compliance Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 1 endorsement for Tax Returns 1 Tax Returns Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bentley University 62,062 followers Indiana University South Bend 19,762 followers Bentley University 58,583 followers Purdue University 309,908 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,401,152 followers Philips 819,537 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Coulter Retail Professional Walgreens Folsom Lake College Roseville, California 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Folsom Lake College 6,264 followers Folsom Lake College 7,500 followers Walgreens 209,386 followers
More Actions Ines has a account Ines Santos Tax Accountant at Centene Corporation Centene Corporation University of Missouri-Saint Louis Saint Louis, Missouri 196 196 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Endorsed by Ricardo G., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ines’ colleagues at Monsanto Company Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 8 endorsements for Income Tax 8 Income Tax Joan Winkelhoch and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 6 endorsements for Tax Returns 6 Tax Returns David ADOUGLUI and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Missouri-Saint Louis 62,488 followers Contryman Associates, P.C. 254 followers University of Missouri-Saint Louis 58,034 followers Strategic Consulting Solutions 184 followers Berberich Trahan & Co 565 followers Centene Corporation 32,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tom has a account Tom Kaltenecker President, KALTENECKER INC KALTENECKER INC Franklin University Westlake Village, California 116 116 connections Send InMail Working with small businesses and professionals since 1982. Opened west coast office in 1989 in Westlake Village. Uses a "Hands-on" approach for busy professionals with one-stop center for accounting, tax advice and business systems set-up. Advocates for digital transfers to keep "paperwork" flowing and save the trees. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Dennis Lea and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 10 endorsements for Small Business 10 Small Business Robb Englin and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Dennis Lea and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Miami University 154,752 followers The Ohio State University 378,140 followers The Ohio State University 362,525 followers Franklin University 41,063 followers Miami University 159,078 followers Franklin University 42,648 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christina has a account Christina Hilton, CPA Accounting | Taxation | Foreign Reporting Rex Capital Advisors, LLC Siena College Providence, Rhode Island 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant with expertise in business, individual and nonprofit tax. Speaker for professional and public organizations covering business and personal tax updates for the public, small businesses as well as CPA's. Involved in the development of firm training programs for new and existing staff. Member of AICPA, RISCPA. Always interested in furthering growth professionally and personally. Specialties: Consulting with businesses, individuals and nonprofits. Tax Compliance. Development of Mentoring Programs. Presentation of CPE programs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Christina’s Activity Katy Perry and Arianna Huffington Start a New Movement: Shutoff Sundays Christina shared this Learning never stops. Many people die at 25 but are not put in the coffin until 75. The learning stopped for them early. Every day I seek out mentors: people who have great experience to help me, particularly in areas I am new to, excited about, and know nothing about. Here are the only ways I’ve ever been able to find a mentor. I hope they work for you as well: http://bit.ly/2sZSdWE Christina liked Golf Christina shared this See all activity Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation Partnership Taxation Click and drag to reorder skills S Corporations S Corporations Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research Tax Research Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Laura DaFonseca CPA, CFE, CFF, CDFA, MST Piccerelli, Gilstein, & Company, LLP July 12, 2009, Christina reported directly to Laura I've been very fortunate to work directly with Laura over the past few years. She has a thorough working knowledge of the tax code and is a wonderful resource to the firm and it's clients. She is both reliable and hard working. Laura will go the extra mile to be sure that our clients receive top notch service and she keeps them well informed of changes that may effect their tax situation. Christine Cunneen Experienced Background Screening Executive September 11, 2008, Christine was senior to Christina but didn’t manage directly Although we did not work on the same accounts together, it is apparent that Christine is happy to take on any challenge that comes her way. She is able to step back, listen, and understand the true issues in a situation. I'm certain this is why she's been successful with bringing Hire Image to its current success. Interests Peter GuberPeter Guber is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Mandalay Entertainment; Owner Golden State Warriors, Los Angeles Dodgers, LAFC (MLS); #1 NYT Bestselling Author 400,725 followers IdeaPaint 1,397 followers Brown University 98,201 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,380 followers Cutting Edge 3,486 followers Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Coulter Retail Professional Walgreens Folsom Lake College Roseville, California 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Folsom Lake College 7,500 followers Folsom Lake College 6,263 followers Walgreens 209,386 followers
More Actions Charles has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Charles Johnson, CPA Accounting Manager at Golden Hippo Media Golden Hippo Media University of Notre Dame Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Charles’ Activity 854 followers Nevada Just Became the Most Exciting State for Energy Storage Policy Charles liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 18 endorsements for Auditing 18 Auditing Endorsed by Andrew Coombs, CPA, MST, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Endorsed by Andrew Coombs, CPA, MST and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by Alejandro S Mendez and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Charles’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Notre Dame 127,105 followers University of Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business 20,301 followers University of Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business 21,073 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 72,465 followers Golden Hippo Media 1,262 followers University of Notre Dame 111,897 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Cummings Accounting Manager US Anesthesia Partners Florida Atlantic University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 322 322 connections Send InMail Accounting Manager with over 15 years of accounting experience. I learned early on in my career that with dedication, persistence, quality of work, and understanding the importance of time management, I'm able to meet critical deadlines and will not give up when obstacles occur. I strive to lead a team that provides the most effective and quality accounting solutions. Technical Experience - Microsoft Dynamics 2013, JD Edwards Enterprise One, PeopleSoft, QuickBooks, Fourth Shift, Microsoft Office. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Christopher’s Activity 322 followers Can Mark Cuban's monster hoverboard bring rideables back? Christopher liked We are looking for Staff Accountants to join our team! Christopher liked See all activity Experience Accounting Manager Company Name US Anesthesia Partners Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Dallas, Texas Accounting Manager Company Name NorthStar Anesthesia, P.A. Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos NorthStar provides quality anesthesia care while improving efficiency and accountability. It’s a proven performance-driven approach that’s better for everyone – hospital administrators, surgeons, anesthesia providers and patients. Let us open your eyes to a better way Group Accounts Payable Manager Company Name Holiday Group Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Directed the consolidation of the Accounts Payable and other liability accounts for Holiday Group and Travelpro International into a central location. Managed full cycle Accounts Payable process including month end close. Improved operating expenses by significantly reducing staffing levels. Enhanced operational efficiencies through greater use of electronic measures and better allocation of resources. Worked with external auditors for financial reporting, tax, and bank compliance. Group Accounts Payable Manager Company Name Travelpro International Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Directed the consolidation of the Accounts Payable and other liabilities accounts for Holiday Group and Travelpro International into a central location. Managed full cycle Accounts Payable process including month end close. Improved operating expenses by significantly reducing staffing levels. Enhanced operational efficiencies through greater use of electronic measures and better allocation of resources. Prepared and filed new corporate registrations along with filing regulatory reports as needed. Worked with external auditors for financial reporting, tax, and bank compliance. Senior Accountant Company Name Travelpro International Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Evaluated and reconciled balance sheet and P&L accounts including in-depth gross margin and product line analysis. Facilitated processing of monthly financial close. Prepared monthly reports of gross corporate profits, licensees'​ royalties, agents' commissions and AP payments. Reported independent financial statements and analysis for the retail outlet division. Performed daily cash management reporting and bank reconciliations. Assisted the C.F.O. and Controller with research and trend analysis of financial statements. Assisted with implementation of new ERP system. See more positions Education Florida Atlantic University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 27 endorsements for Accounting 27 Accounting Endorsed by Barak Seguin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at NorthStar Anesthesia, P.A. Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 24 endorsements for Forecasting 24 Forecasting Endorsed by John Gualtieri, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at NorthStar Anesthesia, P.A. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 22 endorsements for Financial Reporting 22 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at NorthStar Anesthesia, P.A. Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bloomberg 1,268,648 followers Finance/Accounting Consultants Group 56,749 members TPG Global 36,127 followers J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,882,656 followers Accounts Payable Managers 44,498 members Travelpro Products, Inc. 513 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Campbell, CPA International Tax Manager at Crowe Horwath LLP Crowe Horwath LLP Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Focused on international tax planning and compliance for businesses and individuals, transaction planning, and US tax compliance. Specialties: International Tax, Foreign Investment Planning, Mergers & Acquisitions, Structuring, New Business Entity Selection See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience International Tax Manager Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Crowe Horwath LLP can help organizations with multinational operations plan for cross-border transactions, determine transfer pricing solutions, and develop a tax-efficient global structure. As the largest member of Crowe Horwath International, we bring together experienced global tax resources with in-depth knowledge of tax legislation, regulations, and reporting requirements worldwide. International Tax Senior Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Ft Lauderdale, FL Crowe Horwath LLP can help organizations with multinational operations plan for cross-border transactions, determine transfer pricing solutions, and develop a tax-efficient global structure. As the largest member of Crowe Horwath International, we bring together experienced global tax resources with in-depth knowledge of tax legislation, regulations, and reporting requirements worldwide. Tax Supervisor Company Name Smith & Howard, P.C. Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Atlanta Tax compliance for high net-worth individuals, partnerships, S-corporations, and corporations. Tax planning and research. Focus on Corporate and Partnership taxation, and international issues in the manufacturing and technology sectors. Media (1) This position has 1 media International Tax for Nonprofit Organizations International Tax for Nonprofit Organizations This media is a document Communications Chair, Gwinnett Company Name Georgia Manufacturing Alliance Dates Employed 2015 – 2015 Employment Duration less than a year Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name MTAX Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Management Field Of Study (Accounting, Finance, and Strategy concentration) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Honorary Accounting Organization, Entrepreneurship Club Dunwoody High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Mu Alpha Theta; Physics Club; Spanish Club See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Atlanta Humane Society Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Jan 2016 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Animal Welfare Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 32 endorsements for Tax 32 Tax Endorsed by John Thomas "JT" Genter, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Lyle Dickler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 18 endorsements for International Tax 18 International Tax Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Scott Campbell VP of Marketing at L.P. Campbell Company July 1, 2016, Scott was a client of Michael’s Michael is verybig picture oriented in international taxation. John Thomas "JT" Genter, CPA Tax Manager at Cary, Trlica & Wood, PC November 17, 2011, John Thomas "JT" was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly JT is a very skilled tax professional. He is very intelligent and was always willing to pitch in when the team needed help. Accomplishments Michael has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Federal Taxation Advanced Individual Taxation Corporate Taxation Current Issues in Tax Estate & Gift Taxation IRS Practice & Procedures International Aspects of Taxation International Marketing State and Local Taxation Tax Research Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Michael has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Georgia Manufacturing Alliance American Institute of CPAs Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Michael has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Red Flag Reporting Interests Curtius Trading, Inc 26 followers Forge Health 108 followers Crowe Horwath LLP 39,021 followers Smith & Howard 2,102 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 189,563 followers ATDC Community 3,476 members See all See all following
More Actions Zelmar has a account Zelmar Mendive, CPA Tax Senior at EY EY Florida International University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As a Senior Tax Associate with EY, I have developed experience in Corporate and Partnership Taxation, as well as ASC 740. I am a licensed CPA in the State of Florida, with a Bachelor of Accounting, and Master of Accounting with focus on Taxation from Florida International University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Zelmar’s Activity 644 followers Great experience today speaking as a tech innovator at Portada 2017 Zelmar liked It's Wedding Season: Here Are Five Tax Reasons Not To Say 'I Do' Zelmar liked See all activity Experience Tax Senior Associate Company Name EY Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Miami, FL Tax Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Miami, Florida Tax Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Miami, FL * Prepared partnership and corporation tax returns* Prepared extensions and other forms on firm-wide tax software program* Calculated federal and state extension payments and prepared supporting work papers for various entities* Researched clients' tax issues to provide them with accurate information* Assisted in tax provisions for several clients* Researched tax regulations with Tax Ascender, CCH and IRS Tax Code Staff Accountant Company Name Santillana USA (Grupo PRISA) Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Miami, FL * Performed all accounts payable functions cycle* Performed account reconciliation and general ledger entries* Handled bank reconciliation* Assisted with adjustments of journal entries as well as created financial reports* Prepared monthly reports of sales representatives performance* Prepared documentation to assist external auditors (MBAF) Education Florida International University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Accounting, Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Florida International University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.73 Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi,Golden Key International Honour Society, Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants (FICPA), American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Universidad de la República Degree Name Economic Analyst Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 17 endorsements for Corporate Tax 17 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 14 endorsements for Accounting 14 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Endorsed by Ken Chin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zelmar has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Cum Laude Awarded with the FICPA Educational Foundation Scholarship in 2010 & 2011 Beta Alpha Psi Honors Society 2010 & 2011 Dean's List 2010 & 2011 Zelmar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Zelmar has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Inter-American Development Bank 89,840 followers Florida International University 183,196 followers Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,996 members Noam Chomsky (Fans) 1,546 members Diverse Tax Thought Leadership 445 members Mazars España 852 followers See all See all following
More Actions Debbie has a account Debbie Holladay Tax Professional Holladay & Associates, Inc. Blinn College Bryan/College Station, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Tax Preparation, Notary, Payroll, Bookkeeping Historically Underutilized Business (HUB) Texas Highlights Follow Follow Debbie’s Activity 1,303 followers States Offer Sales Tax Holidays For 2017 Beginning In Summer Debbie shared this See all activity Experience Owner | CEO |Tax Professional Company Name Holladay & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location 1733 Briarcrest Drive, Suite 110, Bryan, TX 77802 Tax Preparation, Payroll, Bookkeeping and Notary Services. 2015 - 2016 District II Vice President Company Name American Business Women's Association Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Mississippi, Louisiana Partner | Tax Professional Company Name B-CS Tax Group, Inc. Dates Employed May 2009 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location College Station, Texas Tax Preparation, Bookkeeping, Payroll and Notary Services. President Company Name American Business Women's Association, Leading Women Express Network Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bryan/College Station, Texas Area To bring together business women of diverse occupations and to provide opportunities for them to help themselves and others grow personally and professionally through leadership, education, networking support, and national recognition. Chair Company Name American Business Women's Association~Houston Area Council Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Houston, Texas Area The mission of the Houston Area Council of ABWA is to promote involvement among participating Chapters and Express Networks, and to provide opportunities for combined activities to enhance our membership, to publicize ABWA and to promote education within our community. See more positions Education Blinn College Field Of Study General Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 University of Kansas - Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Essentials Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Bryan High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Payroll See 118 endorsements for Payroll 99+ Payroll Endorsed by Shirley New, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 93 endorsements for Accounting 93 Accounting Marilyn Houser and 92 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 89 endorsements for Leadership 89 Leadership Endorsed by Janice Curry and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Debbie’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (31) Given (2) Debi McKamie Realtor and Property Manager at Red Oak Properties February 17, 2016, Debi was a client of Debbie’s Debbie is a mentor, team leader and very knowledgeable in all things ABWA. I have watched her grow for the past 8 years to her now role of District 2 Vice President of the American Business Womwen's Association. Debbie has been a very positive influence for me and I am glad to call her a friend and mentor. Leroy Hightower Subservient CEO at Hightower & Hightower July 7, 2015, Debbie worked with Leroy in the same group Very knowledgeable in all areas of tax planning and preparation and a friendly and very likable person. View 29 more recommendations View 29 more recommendations recommendations Geanna C. Prescott, SPHR, HRPM®, CMBA, SHRM-SCP Experienced Human Resources Professional - Currently Seeking a New Remote Opportunity January 4, 2011, Geanna C. worked with Debbie in the same group I have had the honor of working with Geanna on several different projects over the past few years and find her to be an extremely professional and organized individual. She is very knowledgeable in the human resource field and has exceptional leadership and management skills that she brings with her. Geanna is a joy to work with and I look forward to working with her again. Darla Powell Phillips Life & Leadership Coach and Speaker January 4, 2011, Debbie worked with Darla but at different companies Darla is a not just a life and leadership coach she is so much more. She doesn't judge others or the choices they have made but can help you to discover yourself and what is important to each of us. She will work with you to create a plan to help you achieve your goals, both personal and professional. Darla offers workshops, one-on-ones and even speaks to groups all over the country on several different topics or can customize one just for you. Darla is very passionate about her work and every time I see her I come away smiling just from some of the things she says or makes me think about. I hope you have the opportunity to hear Darla speak soon. Accomplishments Debbie has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards You're The Tops Honoree 2015 - 2016 District II Vice President 2015 - 2016 Stephen Bufton Memorial Education Fund Trustee Women of the Year Debbie has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Registered Tax Return Preparer -R.T.R.P. Notary Public Debbie has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Bryan / College Station Chamber of Commerce American Business Women's Association Interests American Business Women 2,822 members Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,960,191 followers Internal Revenue Service 48,515 followers National Oilwell Varco 207,904 followers Awards & More 12 followers ABWA-American Business Womens Association-Dallas, Texas 31 members See all See all following
More Actions Dharmesh has a account Dharmesh Patel Experienced Executive Accountant Ahmedabad Bariatircs & Cosmetics Pvt Ltd Gujarat University Ahmedabad Area, India 39 39 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Executive Account Company Name Ahmedabad Bariatircs & Cosmetics Pvt Ltd Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos 1) Company Ahmadabad & Rajkot Br Cash, Bank, JV & Data entry transaction and fund management. Finalized Account and Ledger scrutinize every month.TDS deduction and deposit tax with in time. Vat Related returned / upload responsibility. Follow up with CA every month and submission monthly B&S & P&L to CA / Management. Company other works like follow up with CS , TDS returned upload and rectification, From 16A issue every quarter , New project related follow up with Banks for Financial issue. Sr. Executive Accountant Company Name R Pvt Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Ahmedabad Area, India ) Company more than 300 employee Salary TDS related responsibility.2) Company All Branches deducted and collected TDS Calculating, Verify, Rectify and Approval for TDS payment. TDS e returned filling and issued form 16 & 16A.3) Company Gujarat VAT & CST Calculating, Preparing and upload returned. Sr. Executive Company Name Vadilal Chemicals Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos 1) Company Gujarat 4 Branch sales tax related all responsibility like Sales & Purchase checked, E returned , Sales tax Assessment and C,F,H form issued and follow up with plants and Branches not only that company other 4 State Branches sales tax related approval for Payment government taxes after rectification sales & purchases, VAT Audit and Vat Assessment .2) Company daily Fund Management for Purchase and Payment related matter and approval for it.3) Company and other sister concern company head office cash & entry in Tally ERP 9.4) Company all Government related like Income Tax / Excise / TDS / Sales Tax E Payment and preparing Form # 16, E TDS returned for NSDL website not only that we rectified our Tax credit 26A and Challan & deducted amount. 5) Company All Plants Professional Tax and Employee Professional Tax Calculation and Payment to concern Department.6) Company Directors Personal Accounting on tally. Assistant Accountant Company Name Ashrita Trading Agency Pvt Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Ahmedabad Area, India 1) Finalized Balance Sheet, Profit, & Loss Account on Tally programmed 4.5, 5.4, 6.3, 7.2, and 9.1 2) Checking Sales & Purchase entry, All Customers Account, Sundry Debtors and Creditors, Banking Transaction and Reconciliation, Prepaid Credit Note and Debit Note, VAT e-returned Filing and Company related outside work, corresponding on mail.3) Director’s & Partner’s Personal Account Finalized Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss Account, Handling all personal work like Shares trading, Insurance Work, Property Related work and Returned Filing. Education Gujarat University Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LLB) SPECIAL Field Of Study Law Grade HIGHER SECOND CLASS Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Gujarat University Degree Name Master's degree commerce Field Of Study COMMERCE Grade PASS CLASS Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 Gujarat University Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study COMMERCE Grade HIGHER SECOND CLASS Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tally ERP See 2 endorsements for Tally ERP 2 Tally ERP Upendra Patel and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 1 endorsement for Business Development 1 Business Development Upendra Patel has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MIS MIS No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dharmesh has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Hindi Interests Bridgeway Group of Companies 2,146 followers WellCare Health Plans 25,299 followers Intas Pharmaceuticals 21,533 followers Rakesh KapoorRakesh Kapoor is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at RB 55,581 followers Vadilal Chemicals ltd 68 followers Sabinsa Corporation 3,517 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Clark FBCPA Group PS, Inc. FBCPA Group PS, Inc. University of Colorado Colorado Springs Greater Seattle Area 267 267 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Lisa’s Activity 268 followers Our Firm is growing and looking for more awesome talent to add to our Team! Here are the details: Enthusiastic Tax CPA for Public Accounting Firm in Auburn, WA We are a full service Auburn CPA firm seeking a seasoned tax professional to review and manage challenging tax returns and issue. We have approximately 14 professionals who serve a diverse group of clients in South King County, Washington, Alaska, and many other states. This position is ideal for someone who is interested in client contact and project management. This position also includes mentoring, being a resource to others and assisting staff in professional development. We are looking for Licensed CPA with 5 or more years’ experience in public accounting . The ability to analyze transactions and develop tax structure and planning suggestions is key to this position, as well as the ability to research and document tax positions and represent the clients before the IRS and DOR. Experience with paperless technology very helpful. Visit our website at fb-cpa.com. Submit resumes to lisa@fb-cpa.com Lisa shared this See all activity Experience Partner Company Name FBCPA Group PS, Inc. Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Partner in local CPA and consulting firm in Auburn, WA. Our firm specializes in tax consulting and planning, financial reporting, business valuations, strategic planning for businesses, and accounting assistance. CPA Company Name BKD, LLP Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Tax Manager Education University of Colorado Colorado Springs Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Past President for CU Colorado Springs Alumni Association Leadership Institute of South Sound Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 38 endorsements for Financial Reporting 38 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of Lisa’s colleagues at BKD CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 25 endorsements for Accounting 25 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Lisa’s colleagues at BKD CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 25 endorsements for Tax 25 Tax Christina Pearsall and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (5) Jeannie Johnson V.P., Relationship Manager October 6, 2011, Jeannie worked with Lisa but at different companies Lisa is very knowledgable and provides top quality, professional accounting/tax services to all her clients and does so with a smile. She values her clients and it shows through her gentle way of explaining the most complex of situations. Charles Poe President at Poe Construction, Inc. December 11, 2009, Charles was a client of Lisa’s Lisa Clark has been a valuable asset to Poe Construction's management team for several years. We utilize Lisa's services all year for tax and financial advice and planning. She is always proactive and very knowledegable about current tax law changes. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Dani Espinda, CPA, CGMA Tax Manager at Rhodes & Associates, PLLC November 29, 2012, Lisa managed Dani directly Dani is a very positive, upbeat professional with a great attitude. She has a strong passion for excellent client service and truly cares about clients and fellow team members. She is a also very fun, which is not always a common trait of a CPA! Jeannie Johnson V.P., Relationship Manager October 6, 2011, Lisa worked with Jeannie but at different companies In my work with Jeannie, she has been very caring about her clients and tried to get them the best solution. Jeannie also cares very much about the community and gives back a great deal of her time. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lisa has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests BKD CPAs & Advisors 3,299 members University of Colorado Colorado Springs 42,139 followers University of Colorado Colorado Springs 40,263 followers Peyote Bird Designs 128 followers FBCPA Group PS, Inc. 34 followers
More Actions Min has a account Min Liu, CPA Sr. Tax Analyst at Waters Corporation Waters Corporation Bentley University Greater Boston Area 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a self-motivated and results-oriented professional with 7 years of experience in taxes. • Demonstrated skills in federal and state income taxation, tax research, and tax analysis • Proven ability to handle multiple tasks effectively in a fast-paced work environment to meet deliverable deadlines See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Tax Analyst Company Name Waters Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Milford, MA Tax Analyst Company Name Philips Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Andover, MA • Collect and review tax packages and prepare federal tax returns using CorpTax• Prepare unitary, combined and separate state and city income and franchise tax returns• Contact 40+ legal entities to collect, review data and prepare foreign withholding tax returns• Participate in the preparation of ASC 740 tax provision book-tax differences• Prepare deferred roll-forward schedules, document and analyze the differences• Respond to tax notices from state and local tax jurisdictions• Calculate and prepare state estimated payments using CorpTax and SuperForm• Research various tax issues and analyze tax laws to determine the appropriate tax treatment• Assist in reviewing city apportionment work papers• Maintain compliance calendar of real estate tax payments• Perform Ad Hoc and special projects, including the preparation of forms 8802 Tax Accountant Company Name Philips Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Andover, MA • Prepared federal tax returns (1120 C's, 1120-POL, 990-PF) using CorpTax• Prepared unitary, combined and separate state and city income and franchise tax returns• Contacted legal entities to collect, review data and prepare foreign withholding tax returns• Participated in the preparation of ASC 740 tax provision book-tax differences• Responded to tax notices and assisted with state tax audits• Calculated and prepared state estimated payments using CorpTax and SuperForm• Researched various tax issues and analyzed tax laws• Maintained compliance calendar of real estate and personal property tax payments• Prepared tangible personal property tax returns for various locations in different states• Maintained annual report calendar and assisted in monitoring timely filing of annual reports• Prepared OH CAT and NYC commercial rent tax returns• Analyzed state tax net operating loss usage• Performed Ad Hoc and special projects, including the preparation of fixed assets dep. reports Temporary Tax Accountant Company Name CIRCOR International, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Burlington, MA • Rolled forward tax provision work papers, prepared Forms 8802, and performed other projects Tax Accountant Company Name Biomet Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Warsaw, IN • Prepared annual and three short-period federal corporate income tax returns using OneSource• Prepared state and local income/franchise tax returns for C-Corps and Partnerships• Interacted with domestic/foreign subs to collect and review data for tax provisions/returns• Prepared quarterly and year-end FAS 109 (currently ASC 740) income tax provisions• Prepared annual and short-period state income tax allocation and apportionment factors • Prepared federal/state quarterly estimates and extensions using OneSource and Checkpoint• Prepared Canadian corporate income tax returns and 8858's for foreign disregarded entities• Responded to state tax notices and assisted in responding to the IRS IDRs• Coordinated with third party Deloitte for special projects• Did research on various tax matters using RIA Checkpoint for tax compliance• Support miscellaneous projects such as rolled forward deferred income tax accounts See more positions Education Bentley University Degree Name Graduate Certificate in Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Indiana University South Bend Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Purdue University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Federal & State Income Tax Compliance See 1 endorsement for Federal & State Income Tax Compliance 1 Federal & State Income Tax Compliance Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 1 endorsement for Tax Returns 1 Tax Returns Ami S. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Min has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Income Taxation Advanced Tax Topics Income Taxation Intellectual Properties State and Local Tax Practice Tax Accounting Problems Tax Aspects of Buying and Selling a Business Taxes and Business Strategy Min has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant Interests Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 5,026,000 followers Purdue University 300,278 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,540 followers Philips 819,537 followers Bentley University 58,583 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,401,157 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mary Claire has a account Mary Claire Sarmiento State Auditing Examiner II at Commission On Audit Commission On Audit Polytechnic University of the Philippines NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 33 33 connections Send InMail Tax accountant for one year in a manufacturing company and three years as external auditor working with clients in various industries. Hands-on experience in the preparation of Income Tax Returns and Audited Financial Statements. Dedicated, fast learner and able to deliver outputs on time. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience State Auditing Examiner II Company Name Commission On Audit Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Commonwealth, Quezon City Accounting Analyst Company Name New Pacific Resources Management, Inc Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Makati City Responsible for reconciliation of Manual and SAP generated Statement of Accounts. Tax Accountant Company Name Heraeus Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location General Trias, Cavite Responsible for ensuring the Company’s tax compliance and preparation of governmental reports. Auditor Company Name Roraldo, Gatdula, Pestaño & Co. CPAs Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Makati City Responsible for performing external audit to clients; preparation of Income Tax Computation and Audited Financial Statements Education Polytechnic University of the Philippines Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mary Claire has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Heraeus 12,225 followers Polytechnic University of the Philippines 78,570 followers Polytechnic University of the Philippines 85,297 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Campbell, CPA International Tax Manager at Crowe Horwath LLP Crowe Horwath LLP Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Focused on international tax planning and compliance for businesses and individuals, transaction planning, and US tax compliance. Specialties: International Tax, Foreign Investment Planning, Mergers & Acquisitions, Structuring, New Business Entity Selection See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience International Tax Manager Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Crowe Horwath LLP can help organizations with multinational operations plan for cross-border transactions, determine transfer pricing solutions, and develop a tax-efficient global structure. As the largest member of Crowe Horwath International, we bring together experienced global tax resources with in-depth knowledge of tax legislation, regulations, and reporting requirements worldwide. International Tax Senior Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Ft Lauderdale, FL Crowe Horwath LLP can help organizations with multinational operations plan for cross-border transactions, determine transfer pricing solutions, and develop a tax-efficient global structure. As the largest member of Crowe Horwath International, we bring together experienced global tax resources with in-depth knowledge of tax legislation, regulations, and reporting requirements worldwide. Tax Supervisor Company Name Smith & Howard, P.C. Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Atlanta Tax compliance for high net-worth individuals, partnerships, S-corporations, and corporations. Tax planning and research. Focus on Corporate and Partnership taxation, and international issues in the manufacturing and technology sectors. Media (1) This position has 1 media International Tax for Nonprofit Organizations International Tax for Nonprofit Organizations This media is a document Communications Chair, Gwinnett Company Name Georgia Manufacturing Alliance Dates Employed 2015 – 2015 Employment Duration less than a year Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name MTAX Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Management Field Of Study (Accounting, Finance, and Strategy concentration) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Honorary Accounting Organization, Entrepreneurship Club Dunwoody High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Mu Alpha Theta; Physics Club; Spanish Club See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Atlanta Humane Society Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Jan 2016 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Animal Welfare Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 32 endorsements for Tax 32 Tax Endorsed by John Thomas "JT" Genter, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Lyle Dickler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 18 endorsements for International Tax 18 International Tax Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Smith & Howard Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Scott Campbell VP of Marketing at L.P. Campbell Company July 1, 2016, Scott was a client of Michael’s Michael is verybig picture oriented in international taxation. John Thomas "JT" Genter, CPA Tax Manager at Cary, Trlica & Wood, PC November 17, 2011, John Thomas "JT" was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly JT is a very skilled tax professional. He is very intelligent and was always willing to pitch in when the team needed help. Accomplishments Michael has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Federal Taxation Advanced Individual Taxation Corporate Taxation Current Issues in Tax Estate & Gift Taxation IRS Practice & Procedures International Aspects of Taxation International Marketing State and Local Taxation Tax Research Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Michael has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Georgia Manufacturing Alliance American Institute of CPAs Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Michael has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Red Flag Reporting Interests Curtius Trading, Inc 26 followers Hi-Rez Studios 5,213 followers Manufacturers and Distributors Forum 243 members Smith & Howard 2,102 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Tax Notes 6,176 followers See all See all following
More Actions Debbie has a account Debbie Holladay Tax Professional Holladay & Associates, Inc. Blinn College Bryan/College Station, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Tax Preparation, Notary, Payroll, Bookkeeping Historically Underutilized Business (HUB) Texas Highlights Follow Follow Debbie’s Activity 1,303 followers States Offer Sales Tax Holidays For 2017 Beginning In Summer Debbie shared this See all activity Experience Owner | CEO |Tax Professional Company Name Holladay & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location 1733 Briarcrest Drive, Suite 110, Bryan, TX 77802 Tax Preparation, Payroll, Bookkeeping and Notary Services. 2015 - 2016 District II Vice President Company Name American Business Women's Association Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Mississippi, Louisiana Partner | Tax Professional Company Name B-CS Tax Group, Inc. Dates Employed May 2009 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location College Station, Texas Tax Preparation, Bookkeeping, Payroll and Notary Services. President Company Name American Business Women's Association, Leading Women Express Network Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bryan/College Station, Texas Area To bring together business women of diverse occupations and to provide opportunities for them to help themselves and others grow personally and professionally through leadership, education, networking support, and national recognition. Chair Company Name American Business Women's Association~Houston Area Council Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Houston, Texas Area The mission of the Houston Area Council of ABWA is to promote involvement among participating Chapters and Express Networks, and to provide opportunities for combined activities to enhance our membership, to publicize ABWA and to promote education within our community. See more positions Education Blinn College Field Of Study General Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 University of Kansas - Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Essentials Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Bryan High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Payroll See 118 endorsements for Payroll 99+ Payroll Endorsed by Shirley New, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 93 endorsements for Accounting 93 Accounting Marilyn Houser and 92 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 89 endorsements for Leadership 89 Leadership Endorsed by Janice Curry and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Debbie’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (31) Given (2) Debi McKamie Realtor and Property Manager at Red Oak Properties February 17, 2016, Debi was a client of Debbie’s Debbie is a mentor, team leader and very knowledgeable in all things ABWA. I have watched her grow for the past 8 years to her now role of District 2 Vice President of the American Business Womwen's Association. Debbie has been a very positive influence for me and I am glad to call her a friend and mentor. Leroy Hightower Subservient CEO at Hightower & Hightower July 7, 2015, Debbie worked with Leroy in the same group Very knowledgeable in all areas of tax planning and preparation and a friendly and very likable person. View 29 more recommendations View 29 more recommendations recommendations Geanna C. Prescott, SPHR, HRPM®, CMBA, SHRM-SCP Experienced Human Resources Professional - Currently Seeking a New Remote Opportunity January 4, 2011, Geanna C. worked with Debbie in the same group I have had the honor of working with Geanna on several different projects over the past few years and find her to be an extremely professional and organized individual. She is very knowledgeable in the human resource field and has exceptional leadership and management skills that she brings with her. Geanna is a joy to work with and I look forward to working with her again. Darla Powell Phillips Life & Leadership Coach and Speaker January 4, 2011, Debbie worked with Darla but at different companies Darla is a not just a life and leadership coach she is so much more. She doesn't judge others or the choices they have made but can help you to discover yourself and what is important to each of us. She will work with you to create a plan to help you achieve your goals, both personal and professional. Darla offers workshops, one-on-ones and even speaks to groups all over the country on several different topics or can customize one just for you. Darla is very passionate about her work and every time I see her I come away smiling just from some of the things she says or makes me think about. I hope you have the opportunity to hear Darla speak soon. Accomplishments Debbie has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards You're The Tops Honoree 2015 - 2016 District II Vice President 2015 - 2016 Stephen Bufton Memorial Education Fund Trustee Women of the Year Debbie has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Registered Tax Return Preparer -R.T.R.P. Notary Public Debbie has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Bryan / College Station Chamber of Commerce American Business Women's Association Interests McDonald Marketing 2,413 followers National Oilwell Varco 207,904 followers Leadership Women 1,022 followers Blinn College 19,068 followers ABWA - Lancaster Area Express Network - Members & Others 186 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions Kanishk has a account Kanishk Dayal, CPA Tax Advisor Mazars USA LLP Raritan Valley Community College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Federal and state tax compliance - tax consulting, planning, compliance - Federal and multistate separate, consolidated/combined tax returns for domestic and foreign corporations and partnerships. Specialties - Private client services, subchapter C- and S-corporations, partnership taxation, REIT and real estate taxation, Internal Revenue Service and state tax controversy resolution, representation with federal and state income tax examinations, technical expertise in accounting systems. CPA in New York and New Jersey See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Consultant Company Name Mazars USA LLP Dates Employed 2012 – 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Accountant Company Name Anchin, Block & Anchin LLP Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Raritan Valley Community College Degree Name CPA Education Field Of Study NY & NJ CPA License Rutgers University Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 40 endorsements for Tax Research 40 Tax Research Endorsed by Richard Birnbaum, CPA/MS and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kanishk’s colleagues at Mazars USA LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 23 endorsements for Tax 23 Tax Endorsed by James Chen, CPA, MST, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kanishk’s colleagues at Anchin, Block & Anchin LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 22 endorsements for Corporate Tax 22 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Richard Birnbaum, CPA/MS and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kanishk’s colleagues at Mazars USA LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Michlie M. Ranieri, MSPHR, SHRM-SCP, HRPM Human Resources and Operational Excellence Leadership February 6, 2011, Michlie M. managed Kanishk directly Kanishk was a pleasure to work with and I highly recommend him. As former HR Manager of the Tax Department, I could always count on Kanishk to take intiative and go above and beyond. He has a broad tax knowledge base and I anticipate he will continue to develop as an accountant. He is a terrific asset to any firm. Bill Black, Ph.D., CPA Professor, Accounting at Raritan Valley Community College November 10, 2009, Bill was Kanishk’s teacher Kanishk was a highly organized and diligent student, and consistently produced accurate, high quality work. He was very helpful to other students during his two semesters under my instruction; using his strong technical aptitude to guide students through difficult problems during in-class exercises. I feel these qualities will serve him well in the business environment. Kanishk held two internship positions under my guidance while attending the college; one of which led to a full time position upon graduation with a respected accounting firm. Kanishk laid out careful plans to become a Certified Public Accountant, and as such, he approached me many times seeking counsel on career opportunities in accounting. He was genuinely interested in preparing himself well for the profession, as evidenced by his undertaking of an internship position with a CPA firm. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kanishk has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Hard Money Bankers 2,573 followers Microsoft Excel Users 245,677 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members Pace University 69,557 followers Raritan Valley Community College 13,602 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Clark FBCPA Group PS, Inc. FBCPA Group PS, Inc. University of Colorado Colorado Springs Greater Seattle Area 267 267 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Lisa’s Activity 268 followers Our Firm is growing and looking for more awesome talent to add to our Team! Here are the details: Enthusiastic Tax CPA for Public Accounting Firm in Auburn, WA We are a full service Auburn CPA firm seeking a seasoned tax professional to review and manage challenging tax returns and issue. We have approximately 14 professionals who serve a diverse group of clients in South King County, Washington, Alaska, and many other states. This position is ideal for someone who is interested in client contact and project management. This position also includes mentoring, being a resource to others and assisting staff in professional development. We are looking for Licensed CPA with 5 or more years’ experience in public accounting . The ability to analyze transactions and develop tax structure and planning suggestions is key to this position, as well as the ability to research and document tax positions and represent the clients before the IRS and DOR. Experience with paperless technology very helpful. Visit our website at fb-cpa.com. Submit resumes to lisa@fb-cpa.com Lisa shared this See all activity Experience Partner Company Name FBCPA Group PS, Inc. Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Partner in local CPA and consulting firm in Auburn, WA. Our firm specializes in tax consulting and planning, financial reporting, business valuations, strategic planning for businesses, and accounting assistance. CPA Company Name BKD, LLP Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Tax Manager Education University of Colorado Colorado Springs Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Past President for CU Colorado Springs Alumni Association Leadership Institute of South Sound Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 38 endorsements for Financial Reporting 38 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of Lisa’s colleagues at BKD CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 25 endorsements for Accounting 25 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Lisa’s colleagues at BKD CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 25 endorsements for Tax 25 Tax Christina Pearsall and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (5) Jeannie Johnson V.P., Relationship Manager October 6, 2011, Jeannie worked with Lisa but at different companies Lisa is very knowledgable and provides top quality, professional accounting/tax services to all her clients and does so with a smile. She values her clients and it shows through her gentle way of explaining the most complex of situations. Charles Poe President at Poe Construction, Inc. December 11, 2009, Charles was a client of Lisa’s Lisa Clark has been a valuable asset to Poe Construction's management team for several years. We utilize Lisa's services all year for tax and financial advice and planning. She is always proactive and very knowledegable about current tax law changes. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Dani Espinda, CPA, CGMA Tax Manager at Rhodes & Associates, PLLC November 29, 2012, Lisa managed Dani directly Dani is a very positive, upbeat professional with a great attitude. She has a strong passion for excellent client service and truly cares about clients and fellow team members. She is a also very fun, which is not always a common trait of a CPA! Jeannie Johnson V.P., Relationship Manager October 6, 2011, Lisa worked with Jeannie but at different companies In my work with Jeannie, she has been very caring about her clients and tried to get them the best solution. Jeannie also cares very much about the community and gives back a great deal of her time. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lisa has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Peyote Bird Designs 128 followers University of Colorado Colorado Springs 40,263 followers University of Colorado Colorado Springs 42,139 followers FBCPA Group PS, Inc. 34 followers BKD CPAs & Advisors 3,299 members
More Actions Zelmar has a account Zelmar Mendive, CPA Tax Senior at EY EY Florida International University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As a Senior Tax Associate with EY, I have developed experience in Corporate and Partnership Taxation, as well as ASC 740. I am a licensed CPA in the State of Florida, with a Bachelor of Accounting, and Master of Accounting with focus on Taxation from Florida International University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Zelmar’s Activity 644 followers Great experience today speaking as a tech innovator at Portada 2017 Zelmar liked It's Wedding Season: Here Are Five Tax Reasons Not To Say 'I Do' Zelmar liked See all activity Experience Tax Senior Associate Company Name EY Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Miami, FL Tax Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Miami, Florida Tax Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Miami, FL * Prepared partnership and corporation tax returns* Prepared extensions and other forms on firm-wide tax software program* Calculated federal and state extension payments and prepared supporting work papers for various entities* Researched clients' tax issues to provide them with accurate information* Assisted in tax provisions for several clients* Researched tax regulations with Tax Ascender, CCH and IRS Tax Code Staff Accountant Company Name Santillana USA (Grupo PRISA) Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Miami, FL * Performed all accounts payable functions cycle* Performed account reconciliation and general ledger entries* Handled bank reconciliation* Assisted with adjustments of journal entries as well as created financial reports* Prepared monthly reports of sales representatives performance* Prepared documentation to assist external auditors (MBAF) Education Florida International University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Accounting, Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Florida International University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.73 Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi,Golden Key International Honour Society, Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants (FICPA), American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Universidad de la República Degree Name Economic Analyst Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 17 endorsements for Corporate Tax 17 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 14 endorsements for Accounting 14 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Endorsed by Ken Chin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zelmar’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zelmar has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Cum Laude Awarded with the FICPA Educational Foundation Scholarship in 2010 & 2011 Beta Alpha Psi Honors Society 2010 & 2011 Dean's List 2010 & 2011 Zelmar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Zelmar has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Alvarez & Marsal 34,968 followers Lennar 36,289 followers Spain-US Chamber of Commerce | Cámara de Comercio de España-EE.UU. 1,618 followers U.S. Income Taxes 21,086 members Deloitte España 85,568 followers Porcelanosa 16,360 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christine has a account Christine Rush, CPA Vice President, Global Taxation at Movado Group, Inc Movado Group, Inc Golden Gate University Greater New York City Area 155 155 connections Send InMail I have 23 years of well rounded experience, including Director of Tax for a public company, stints at three large multinationals working in Tax Provision and Reporting, extensive wide ranging experience at a rapidly growing public internet company, and a Big Four public accounting foundation that involves time in both tax and audit. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President, Global Taxation Company Name Movado Group, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Paramus, NJ Director, Global Tax Reporting and US Taxes Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Global tax reporting director responsible for tax governance and directing the organizations tax reporting function including ASC 740, audit, income tax compliance and international aspects of US tax reporting. Senior Tax Director Company Name MorphoTrust USA (fka L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc.) Dates Employed Jun 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Global tax director responsible for directing the organizations global tax function including ASC 740, mergers and acquisitions, tax planning and domestic reporting. Senior Manager - Tax Accounting Company Name GE Capital Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Stamford, CT Responsible for ensuring GE Capital’s global deferred tax position is properly reflected in the financial statements including implementation of FIN 48. Tax Manager - Tax Reporting, Implementation & Monitoring Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Responsible for ensuring that Pfizer’s global tax provision is properly reflected in the financial statements including review and implementation of tax planning and transfer pricing strategies to determine the ETR impact. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting David Stonestreet and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax David Stonestreet and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 6 endorsements for International Tax 6 International Tax Marty Lundy and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Northeastern Region Tax Roundtable 1,194 members Movado Group, Inc 14,015 followers California State University-Sacramento 132,219 followers California State University-Sacramento 128,192 followers Raytheon 252,740 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Polito, CPA Partner at Silverman & Polito CPAs, LLC Silverman & Polito CPAs, LLC Suffolk University Greater Boston Area 308 308 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Silverman & Polito CPAs, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Natick, MA Tax Manager Company Name Andrew Silverman, CPA Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Natick, MA Tax Associate Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Tax Associate Company Name KLR Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Andrew Siliverman, CPA Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos See more positions Education Suffolk University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Bridgewater State College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Kevin R. Leary and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Kevin R. Leary and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 11 endorsements for Financial Reporting 11 Financial Reporting Kevin R. Leary and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Bridgewater State University 41,833 followers BDO USA, LLP 47,373 followers Suffolk University 41,745 followers Suffolk University 43,552 followers Bridgewater State University 38,993 followers
More Actions Michael E. has a account Michael E. Chang, CPA, MBT Associate Director - Tax at Fox (Film, TV and Sports) Fox (Film, TV and Sports) University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Over 12 years of public and private tax consulting experience servicing a broad range of industries including Automotive, Construction, Entertainment, Financial Institutions, Healthcare, Hospitality, Manufacturing/Distribution, Non-profit, Real Estate, and Software Development. Experienced in ASC-740/tax provision calculations, income, franchise, excise, sales and use, and property tax compliance and planning. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Director - Tax Company Name Fox (Film, TV and Sports) Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Fox Group operates businesses in all segments of broadcast, cable, film and digital entertainment. The group is comprised of highly successful film and television studios including Twentieth Century Fox Film, Twentieth Century Fox Television and Fox Television Studios; leading broadcast networks FOX and MyNetworkTV; 27 local television stations; and an extensive collection of cable entertainment, news and sports programming networks including Fox News, Fox Business Network, Fox Sports Net, Fuel, FX and National Geographic, among others.Michael reviews corporate and partnership federal and state income tax returns, reviews and prepares interim and year-end tax provisions including current taxable income calculations and deferred tax roll-forwards, and manages and reviews various aspects of the deduction of television and film production costs using the Income Forecast Method of depreciation. Tax Manager Company Name Kling & Pathak LLP Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Kling & Pathak, LLP is an integrated accounting and consulting firm that focuses on providing professional services parallel to national accounting firms with the level of dedication one expects from a personal business advisor. Its mission is to develop innovative strategies and creative solutions to enhance productivity and improve profitability for its clients.As part of the firm's Large Business Services (LBS) practice, Michael prepared tax provisions in accordance with ASC 740-10, reviewed consolidated Federal and multi-state returns, and performed ad-hoc tax research for emerging tax issues faced by the firm's clients. Tax Manager Company Name Sumitomo Rubber North America, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Sumitomo Rubber North America, Inc. (SRNA), based in Rancho Cucamonga California, is the corporate headquarters for North American operations of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. located in Kobe, Japan. Michael prepared the company’s quarterly and annual tax provision in accordance with ASC 740-10 (formerly FIN 48), reviewed Form 1120, and related 20+ state income/franchise returns and related workpapers. He also implemented a state nexus exposure review process and annually provided updates to executive committee members to assess potential tax exposure. He also researched topics related to income, franchise, sales and use, international (APA), and excise tax and was the main point-of-contact for various federal, state and local taxing authority audits and exams. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name City of Hope Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos City of Hope is a leading research and treatment center for cancer, diabetes and other life-threatening diseases. Since its founding in 1913, City of Hope has developed into an internationally recognized center whose research and treatment protocols advance care throughout the nation.Michael’s responsibilities included preparation/review of Forms 990, 990-T, CA 199, CA 109, RRF-1 for various non-profit entities of City of Hope, review of Form 990 compliance workpapers from general accounting staff, seniors, and supervisors, preparation/review of corporate tax returns of City of Hope (Forms 1120, and CA 100), sales/use tax return preparation/review and general sales/use tax research, preparation/review of trust returns of City of Hope (Forms 1041, CA541), facilitate/manage the tax compliance process, implementation of process improvements within the tax function, and providing tax research on various topics.He also was responsible for maintaining compliance with city and state licensing and permit regulations and managing, and providing training for tax staff. Supervisor, Tax Services Company Name RSM US, LLP (fka McGladrey) Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos RSM US LLP is a leading provider of audit, tax and consulting services focused on the middle market. We guide our clients through business challenges by understanding their needs and bringing together the right team to address them. With 9,000 professionals and associates in 86 cities nationwide and access to more than 38,300 people in 120 countries through our membership in RSM International, we can meet your needs wherever in the world you do business.Michael was a Tax Services Supervisor in the Los Angeles/Riverside offices of RSM’s core tax practice. He provided tax consulting and tax compliance services to both private and publicly held clients in the Construction, Entertainment, Financial Institutions, Healthcare, Manufacturing/Distribution, Non-profit, Real Estate, and Software Development industries.His experience included working with C and S Corporations, Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies, Exempt Organizations, High Net Worth individuals, and Deferred Compensation Plans. He reviewed and prepared consolidated federal and multi-state tax returns and related workpapers, FIN48/tax provision work, researched tax issues, and other tax consulting services for his clients, and conducted formal and informal training sessions for staff and senior level tax associates. Education University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Degree Name Master's of Business Taxation (MBT) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Yonsei University Degree Name International Education and Exchange Program Field Of Study Business & Public Administration; Concentration: Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Seoul, South Korea • Courses Included: International Business, Comparative Political Economy of East Asia, Sociology, Modern Korean History, Korean Arts and Culture, and Korean Language California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Business and Public Admin; Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 34 endorsements for Tax 34 Tax Endorsed by Ken Choi and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 31 endorsements for Tax Research 31 Tax Research Endorsed by Michelle Davidian, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 30 endorsements for Corporate Tax 30 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 4 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Diana Tang Accountant at Farmers Insurance Group of Companies October 23, 2010, Michael E. was Diana’s mentor I have had the pleasure to work with Diana in an advisor/mentor capacity while I was a co-chair of Ascend's (a professional business organization) second annual event. Diana has exhibited a diligent and proactive attitude towards every task to which she was assigned. Diana was able to bring forth good ideas and execute them well. She is well positioned to be highly successful in the future. It was a pleasure to work with her and I hope to have her on our team in the years to come. Mary (Ran) Jia, CPA MBT Tax Manager at Redwood-Kairos Real Estate Partners July 7, 2009, Michael E. was Mary (Ran)’s mentor Ran has become an indelible part of our Los Angeles Metro chapter of Ascend. I have had the pleasure of working with Ran while I was co-chair of a committee in which she was involved. She was quite adept at taking a task and running with it, with little supervision, and impressed many of the chapter officers with her ambition, motivation and excellent performance. She also took on roles of increasing responsibility while taking her Master's degree courses and studying for the CPA exam. She acted with great poise and professionalism as a representative of our organization in front of the news media where she promoted two of our largest events. It was a pleasure to have her on our team and she played an important role in making our events a huge success! Accomplishments Interests Warner Music Group 135,113 followers University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business 48,577 followers California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration 4,246 followers Yonsei University 연세대학교 46,247 followers Yonsei University 48,977 followers RSM US Alumni 5,513 members See all See all following
More Actions Mohamed has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mohamed Radwan, CA Senior Tax Accountant Peter Green Accountants Peter Green Accountants CFA Instuite Brisbane, Australia 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Mohamed’s Activity 2,026 followers Centrelink pays PricewaterhouseCoopers $150,000 to ignore its advice Mohamed liked رزقك كامل ومكمل ٢٤ قيراط.. تاخدهم اتنين تلاته فلوس علي اربعه خمسه عيال وصحه.. اب وام..على شوية صحاب جدعان.. شغل حلو بتروحله بعربيه مكيفه... راحة بال.. نفس بتاخده من غير وجع.. اعده بروقان على البحر ...ضحكه من القلب ورضا.. مالكش دعوه بال٢٤ بتوع اللي جنبك... ربك عادل وبيديك اللي انت محتاجه بالظبط... وصدقني لو خيروك لاخترت ال٢٤ بتوعك.... وصباحكو كله رزق ٢٤ قيراط 😊 كل سنه وانتم طيبين رمضان كريم Mohamed liked من فتره مش بعيده ... كنت عملت نظريه كده في الاقتصاد وكنت عاوز اعرف مدى صحتها فقولت اعرضها على دكتور في الاقتصاد يكون بروفيشنال ويعرف يحكم على النظريه دي .... فعرفت اوصل لدكتور عندنا في الجامعه القاهره واتكلمت معاه وحددت معاه معاد بعد أسبوع وقالي أكد عليا قبلها بيوم ... فضلت أنا الاسبوع ده ازاكر في النظريه واحضرلها عشان اكون جاهز ... المهم بعد تعب اسبوع ورسم أمل وطموح اني اعرف عملت حاجه مفيده ولا لا ... جيت أكد على الدكتور .... اعتذرلي لمجرد اني مش فاضي ... على الرغم أنه موجود في الجامعه .... بعدها تعبت شويه بسبب الحكايه دي وللأسف سبت المشروع خالص ورميته على المكتب زي أي فكره Mohamed liked a comment After 18 months presence in Egypt, Arqaam (ranked third for institutional brokerage for the month of May) still focuses on increasing its market share in #Egypt "Arqaam Capital, the Dubai-based emerging markets investment bank, today announced it has partnered with Marco Polo Securities Inc., the New York-based broker dealer and securities distribution platform, to serve US-based institutional investors seeking to capture growing investment opportunities in Egypt." Zawya Arqaam research is only available for Arqaam's clients Mohamed commented Big Data Foundations was issued by IBM to Mohamed Rizk. Mohamed liked تم تكريم الزميل /ناصر الصالح بوسام الملك عبدالله الثاني للتميز الرئيس التنفيذي لشركة مدفوعتكم ( وهي احدى استثمارتنا التقنية في الاردن). لجهود الشركة التي اسهمت في التسهيل على مواطنين الاردن للدفع الاكتروني لجميع الخدمات Mohamed liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Peter Green Accountants Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Gold Coast •Prepare and analyse financial information to prepare entries of business transactions to relevant accounts•Investigate and provide advice and recommendations for improving the accounting operations of organizations.•Prepare income tax returns and Business Activity statements•Supervise junior professional staff. Investment Research Analyst Intern Company Name Suncorp Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Brisbane, Australia •‘An examination of the Suncorp approved International Managed Funds Investment Styles using the Fama-French Model Unexpected Events in Financial Markets ’•Comparing the performance of all the approved International Managed Funds by using different quantitative analysis and measurement, like Sharpe’s measure, Treynor’s measure, Jensen’s measure and information ratio Financial Planner Assistant (Paraplanner) Company Name JDL Strategies Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos •Constructed a mix portfolio with different asset allocation depending on the client risk aversion•Assisted the financial planner in assessing JDL clients risk after buying an investment property and preparing a statement of advice Summer Trainee Company Name Credit Agricole Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos •Enterprises Banking; Helped in analysing financial statements to make informed decisions regarding clients 'creditworthiness•Assisted clients with opening new deposit accounts and cheque purchases •Provided clients with spot/ FX forward rate and prepared Bank guarantee to clients after approved by the Manager Event Organizer Company Name Confederation of African Football (CAF), Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 6 mos •Assisted 16 African soccer teams with their accommodation in Egypt and insured to fulfil all their needs•Worked with a team of organizers to facilitate the entrance and exit of 85 thousand spectators during the matches•Worked as a coordinator for the VIPs Lounge Education CFA Instuite Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Level II Candidate (June 2017) Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand Degree Name Graduate Diploma of Chartered Accounting (Completed) Field Of Study Chartered Accountant program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 •Taxation (Completed)•Management Accounting & Analysis (Completed)•Auditing and Assurance (Completed)•Financial Accounting and Reporting (Completed)•Ethics and Business Application (Completed) Media (1) This position has 1 media Graduate Diploma of Chartered Accountants Certificate Graduate Diploma of Chartered Accountants Certificate This media is a document Griffith University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accounting & Finance Grade Cumulative G.P.A: 5.5 (scale 1-7, 7 being the highest ) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Griffith University Accounting Association(GUSAA) - President. Griffith Business Studnent Association(GBSA) - Professional Convener •One semester exchange in Schulich School of Business, York University, Toronto, Ontario•Successfully completed the Asset Allocation and Portfolio Simulation Presented by Griffith Business School and QIC Dynamic investment solution.•Successfully completed the Energy Market and Carbon Emission Trading Simulation presented by Griffith Business School and AGL Energy Ltd Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 86 endorsements for Accounting 86 Accounting Endorsed by Sami B Mikati and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mohamed’s colleagues at JDL Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 76 endorsements for Finance 76 Finance Endorsed by 14 people who know Finance Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 65 endorsements for Financial Analysis 65 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Asim Ahmed and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mohamed’s colleagues at JDL Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations David Jiang Analyst at CFO Capital December 16, 2013, Mohamed and David were students together I meet David during my semester exchange in Schulich School of Business, he helped me to find my way around Toronto and Schulich. I would recommend David to any employer, David was a great mentor and friend to me when I was in Canada. Accomplishments Mohamed has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,603 followers Accountants One 23,637 followers Ivey Business School at Western University 41,705 followers Aramco Services Company 78,840 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,727 members Gazprom 54,816 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mindy has a account Mindy Morgan Assistant Controller at i-wireless LLC i-wireless LLC Capital University Cincinnati Area, KY 116 116 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Assistant Controller Company Name i-wireless LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Newport, KY Accountant Company Name i-wireless LLC Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Owner Company Name Morgan Tax & Accounting Services LLC Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Perform tax and accounting services for small businesses and individuals. Stay At Home Mom Company Name Morgan Household Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos I enjoy staying home with our children, but I miss the challenge of a professional career. In February 2008, I launched my own tax and bookkeeping business that I operate out of our home so I may enjoy the best of both worlds. Manager of Finance Company Name Kroger Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Reviewed cash flow analyses of financial analysts to be submitted to senior management; Worked with various departments (MIS, Logistics, Human Resources) on developing cash flow analyses for their proposals; Refined the complicated cash flow model to be more automated and user friendly. See more positions Education Capital University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Pi Phi Epsilon Sorority, Tau Pi Phi Business Honor Society Graduated Magna Cum Laude. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Jay Campbell and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Jay Campbell and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 2 endorsements for Leadership 2 Leadership Pat Morgan and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Burns Brady Creative Consultant for Strategic Brand Identity Development June 22, 2008, Burns was a client of Mindy’s We hired Mindy and her tax service's to help deal with filing company taxes for the 2007 tax year. She did an exceptional job and exceeded my high expectations. I would recommended her for any of your personal or business tax or accounting needs.Burns Brady: Chief Creative OfficeBrandocity: Accelerating Business Results hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Kroger 116,193 followers Capital University 18,957 followers Capital University 18,068 followers i-wireless LLC 584 followers
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Pellis Sales & Use Tax Accountant at Vitamin Shoppe Industries Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc. Greater New York City Area 176 176 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc. Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name HLTH Corpoation Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos * Prepare company filings for all sales and use tax returns in 45 states and assist in filing personal property returns. * Monthly reconciliations for sales, use, and miscellaneous accounts.* Detail monthly audits and journal entries for our company and subsidiaries use tax reports. Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name The Vitamin Shoppe Dates Employed 2005 – 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name Robert Half Management Resources Dates Employed 2002 – 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs Sales Tax Accountant Company Name Dress Barn Dates Employed Mar 1998 – Mar 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo * Prepared filings of monthly and quarterly sales and use tax returns for 700 retail stores in 45 states. * Coordinated new store sales and use tax regulations, contacting states, counties, and cities for rated and applications.* Provided various files and schedules for sales and use tax audits on all related accounts.* Coordinated with the MIS and accounting departments in obtaining schedules of yearly fixed assets as well as inventory and supplies for filing personal property returns.* Created company manual for sales and use tax, shipping and handling tax laws. Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 9 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 9 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Wilson Parra, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 6 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills Sales Tax See 5 endorsements for Sales Tax 5 Sales Tax Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Taxware- Sales, Use & VAT Tax Group 976 members The Vitamin Shoppe 20,269 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members
More Actions Zenon has a account Zenon McHugh, EA, MST Tax Accountant | IRS Enrolled Agent | Adviser to Small Business | Tax Planning | Tax Controversy & Resolution D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm a Small Business Tax Expert. My expertise in Small Business Tax comes from 10+ years of workplace experience as a Tax Accountant & Operations Manager for a small business accounting firm. I handle tax controversy and resolution cases by means of tax notices, amended returns, audit representation, and more. My experience as a Tax Planner and as a Financial Analyst includes serving individual and business clients alike. FEDERALLY LICENSED ENROLLED AGENT (EA) TAX PRACTITIONER As a federally licensed Enrolled Agent (EA) tax practitioner, I am empowered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to represent taxpayers before all administrative levels—examination, collection, and appeals—of the Internal Revenue Service. As an Enrolled Agent, I help clients manage the stress that comes with having to resolve issues with the IRS, especially when they are demanding money they don't owe! TAX ACCOUNTING My knowledge of Small Business Accounting includes a firm understanding of how tax regulations work at federal, state and local levels. I'm an accomplished tax accountant with expertise in bookkeeping, reconciliations, financial statements, sales/payroll/income taxes, and forensic accounting. SMALL BUSINESS CONSULTING My capacity to support Small Business and Entrepreneurship includes: ● B2B Sales ● Marketing ● Business Development ● Client Services ● Quality Control. ►►► Memberships ● National Association of Enrolled Agents ● Illinois Society of Enrolled Agents ● Chicago Tax Club ● Union League Club of Chicago ● City Club of Chicago ● South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) ● West Central Association Chamber of Commerce ►►► Next Steps To learn more about my work, and the accounting and business consulting practice work at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd, please contact me at zen@dandrealtd.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax & Operations Manager Company Name D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I am responsible for managing the day-to-day office workflow at D'Andrea & Associates. I supervise a small team of CPAs, junior accountants, data entry clerk (P/T), administrative assistant, and a team of seasonal interns. I am responsible for the strategy, planning, and execution of the firm’s tactical objectives to grow our client-base and drive new sales.I regularly attend local events and conferences, meet with small business owners, and promote a range of D’Andrea services. Key Client Responsibilities Include:● Assessing client needs, managing their expectations, negotiating service agreements. ● Leading the new client enrollment, on-boarding process, and support during the transition process● Leveraging expert accounting skills to evaluate existing client books and records● Analyzing financial statements and report variances to determine proper tax planning for company and taxpayer. ● Preparing financial statements and schedules● Preparing and maintaining monthly bookkeeping, reconciliation, and AP/AR.►►► About D’Andrea & Associates | Business | Tax | Financial AdvisorsD'Andrea & Associates, Ltd is a full-service accounting firm serving clients throughout the Chicago, Illinois area, dedicated to providing our clients with professional, personalized services and guidance in a wide range of financial and business needs. Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.), Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 DePaul University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Volunteer Experience Treasurer/Board Member Company Name South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) Events Committee Company Name West Central Association Chamber of Commerce Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 63 endorsements for Accounting 63 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Tax See 10 endorsements for Small Business Tax 10 Small Business Tax Endorsed by 3 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Marketing See 11 endorsements for Small Business Marketing 11 Small Business Marketing Endorsed by 4 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zenon has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations Chicago Tax Club City Club of Chicago South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) Illinois Society of Enrolled Agents National Association of Enrolled Agents Union League Club of Chicago West Central Association Chamber of Commerce Zenon has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Marketing Campaign Internship Program Paperless Office Virtual/Cloud Office Zenon has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent (EA) QuickBooks ProAdvisor Zenon has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests DePaul University 150,169 followers Chicago Loop Alliance 1,174 followers Sterling Bay 2,173 followers Young Professionals of Chicago 11,037 members Chicago Young Professionals 25,878 members American Society of Tax Problem Solvers (ASTPS) 210 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Rutkowski, CPA Senior Controller at Persado Persado University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Controller Company Name Persado Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Persado’s cognitive content platform generates language that inspires action. Powered by cognitive computing technologies, the platform eliminates the random process behind traditional message creation. Persado arms organizations and individuals with “smart content” that maximizes the efficacy of communication with any audience at scale, while delivering unique insight into the specific triggers that drive action.Using Persado, leading brands such as Citi, MetLife, Microsoft, Neiman Marcus, Staples and Verizon Wireless have realized one billion dollars in incremental revenue and an average uplift of 49.5% in conversions across marketing campaigns. Winner of the DMA Innovation Award for Digital Technology, Persado’s investors include Goldman Sachs, Bain Capital Ventures, StarVest Partners, American Express Ventures and Citi Ventures. Persado is headquartered in New York City with locations in San Francisco, Athens, London, Rome, Toronto, Frankfurt, Rio de Janeiro, and Lagos.Named a 2016 Cool Vendor by Gartner Inc. Controller Company Name Persado Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Accounting Manager Company Name AvePoint Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Jersey City, NJ At AvePoint, I managed the accounting and finance department in Jersey City and Beijing. My core responsibilities were but not limited to:- Oversee the general accounting and daily operations of the department (Revenue recognition, AR, AP, accruals, inter-company transactions, consolidations, eliminations, monthly closing, etc.)- Create and monitor financial policies, procedures and controls, including establishing VSOE revenue recognition and an internal revenue audit process in FY 2010- Provide and present financial statement reporting and analysis, cash flow analysis, budgeting and forecasting to management- Ensure compliance with local, state, and federal reporting requirements in US and international subsidiariesAvePoint is a global technology company and proven software leader. Since its founding in 2001, AvePoint has become one of the world’s largest providers of enterprise-class governance solutions for Microsoft SharePoint. Propelled by one of the world’s largest SharePoint-exclusive research & development teams, AvePoint helps more than 8,000 customers – including many Fortune 500 companies and government agencies – meet their specific business objectives utilizing the SharePoint platform. AvePoint is headquartered and maintains its principle engineering center in Jersey City, NJ, with wholly owned sales and engineering centers in the USA, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, and China. AvePoint is a Depth Managed Microsoft Gold Certified Portals and Collaboration Partner and Gold Certified ISV Partner as well as a US Government GSA provider via strategic partnerships. Senior Accountant Company Name Meisel, Tuteur & Lewis P.C. Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos At Meisel, Tuteur & Lewis, I was a hands-on, top-to-bottom public accountant, responsible for building a company's financial statements from the ground-up and analyzing their business trends. I serviced small to medium sized clients in many different industries including but not limited to: auto finance, commercial business forms, direct mail, financial services, health care, HVAC, legal services, manufacturing, non-profits, personal training, real estate, retail and recruitment services. My core responsibilities were but not limited to:- Preparing and reviewing audited financial statements for compliance with GAAP and OCBOA- Preparing monthly closing of books, posted adjusting journal entries to general ledgers, and reconciling general ledger accounts- Preparing and reviewing income tax returns for various entities including corporations, private foundations, investment and real estate partnerships, employee benefit plans, estates, trusts and individuals- Analyzing financial information including year to year changes, benchmarks, cash flow, profit margins, tax planning and forecasts. Presented information to client management and ownership- Mentoring and supervising the junior accounting team for audit engagements and tax preparation- Writing and collaborating on articles for the company’s quarterly newsletter “Our Perspectives” on topics such as personal finance, occupational fraud, and federal tax updates. Education University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Degree Name 2005 Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 33 endorsements for Accounting 33 Accounting Endorsed by Joseph Medrano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Persado Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 21 endorsements for GAAP 21 GAAP Charalampos Georgopoulos and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 15 endorsements for Accounts Payable 15 Accounts Payable Endorsed by Ray Ly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Persado Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Eglitis Project Manager at Accruent September 23, 2013, Michael was a client of Kevin’s I highly recommend Kevin. When Kevin and I first started working together, he made sure that he spent enough time with me to have a thorough understanding of my experience, skills and future goals. He carefully dissected what I had done in the past and how I wanted to move my career forward. I appreciated this because it demonstrated that he wanted to find the right fit for me. Ultimately, my time spent with Kevin was a success. He introduced me to a tremendous opportunity within a company that matched what I was looking for and I accepted a position with them. If you work with Kevin, you’ll find that he will listen to your needs and work hard to find the best opportunity for you. Accomplishments Interests Persado 7,075 followers Alimar Consulting, Inc 11 followers Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members IT Savvy Finance and Accounting Professionals 6,546 members GEN-CFO - Generation CFO – The new generation of Finance and Accounting Professionals 78,460 members Systems Accountant Network 1,104 members See all See all following
More Actions Christine has a account Christine Rush, CPA Vice President, Global Taxation at Movado Group, Inc Movado Group, Inc Golden Gate University Greater New York City Area 155 155 connections Send InMail I have 23 years of well rounded experience, including Director of Tax for a public company, stints at three large multinationals working in Tax Provision and Reporting, extensive wide ranging experience at a rapidly growing public internet company, and a Big Four public accounting foundation that involves time in both tax and audit. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President, Global Taxation Company Name Movado Group, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Paramus, NJ Director, Global Tax Reporting and US Taxes Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Global tax reporting director responsible for tax governance and directing the organizations tax reporting function including ASC 740, audit, income tax compliance and international aspects of US tax reporting. Senior Tax Director Company Name MorphoTrust USA (fka L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc.) Dates Employed Jun 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Global tax director responsible for directing the organizations global tax function including ASC 740, mergers and acquisitions, tax planning and domestic reporting. Senior Manager - Tax Accounting Company Name GE Capital Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Stamford, CT Responsible for ensuring GE Capital’s global deferred tax position is properly reflected in the financial statements including implementation of FIN 48. Tax Manager - Tax Reporting, Implementation & Monitoring Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Responsible for ensuring that Pfizer’s global tax provision is properly reflected in the financial statements including review and implementation of tax planning and transfer pricing strategies to determine the ETR impact. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting David Stonestreet and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax David Stonestreet and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 6 endorsements for International Tax 6 International Tax Marty Lundy and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Golden Gate University 40,150 followers The Northeastern Region Tax Roundtable 1,194 members Movado Group, Inc 14,015 followers California State University-Sacramento 128,192 followers Raytheon 252,739 followers Golden Gate University 42,406 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Pellis Sales & Use Tax Accountant at Vitamin Shoppe Industries Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc. Greater New York City Area 176 176 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc. Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name HLTH Corpoation Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos * Prepare company filings for all sales and use tax returns in 45 states and assist in filing personal property returns. * Monthly reconciliations for sales, use, and miscellaneous accounts.* Detail monthly audits and journal entries for our company and subsidiaries use tax reports. Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name The Vitamin Shoppe Dates Employed 2005 – 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Sales & Use Tax Accountant Company Name Robert Half Management Resources Dates Employed 2002 – 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs Sales Tax Accountant Company Name Dress Barn Dates Employed Mar 1998 – Mar 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo * Prepared filings of monthly and quarterly sales and use tax returns for 700 retail stores in 45 states. * Coordinated new store sales and use tax regulations, contacting states, counties, and cities for rated and applications.* Provided various files and schedules for sales and use tax audits on all related accounts.* Coordinated with the MIS and accounting departments in obtaining schedules of yearly fixed assets as well as inventory and supplies for filing personal property returns.* Created company manual for sales and use tax, shipping and handling tax laws. Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 9 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 9 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Wilson Parra, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 6 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills Sales Tax See 5 endorsements for Sales Tax 5 Sales Tax Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at The Vitamin Shoppe Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Tax Opportunities 61,474 members The Vitamin Shoppe 20,269 followers Taxware- Sales, Use & VAT Tax Group 976 members
More Actions Zenon has a account Zenon McHugh, EA, MST Tax Accountant | IRS Enrolled Agent | Adviser to Small Business | Tax Planning | Tax Controversy & Resolution D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm a Small Business Tax Expert. My expertise in Small Business Tax comes from 10+ years of workplace experience as a Tax Accountant & Operations Manager for a small business accounting firm. I handle tax controversy and resolution cases by means of tax notices, amended returns, audit representation, and more. My experience as a Tax Planner and as a Financial Analyst includes serving individual and business clients alike. FEDERALLY LICENSED ENROLLED AGENT (EA) TAX PRACTITIONER As a federally licensed Enrolled Agent (EA) tax practitioner, I am empowered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to represent taxpayers before all administrative levels—examination, collection, and appeals—of the Internal Revenue Service. As an Enrolled Agent, I help clients manage the stress that comes with having to resolve issues with the IRS, especially when they are demanding money they don't owe! TAX ACCOUNTING My knowledge of Small Business Accounting includes a firm understanding of how tax regulations work at federal, state and local levels. I'm an accomplished tax accountant with expertise in bookkeeping, reconciliations, financial statements, sales/payroll/income taxes, and forensic accounting. SMALL BUSINESS CONSULTING My capacity to support Small Business and Entrepreneurship includes: ● B2B Sales ● Marketing ● Business Development ● Client Services ● Quality Control. ►►► Memberships ● National Association of Enrolled Agents ● Illinois Society of Enrolled Agents ● Chicago Tax Club ● Union League Club of Chicago ● City Club of Chicago ● South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) ● West Central Association Chamber of Commerce ►►► Next Steps To learn more about my work, and the accounting and business consulting practice work at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd, please contact me at zen@dandrealtd.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax & Operations Manager Company Name D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I am responsible for managing the day-to-day office workflow at D'Andrea & Associates. I supervise a small team of CPAs, junior accountants, data entry clerk (P/T), administrative assistant, and a team of seasonal interns. I am responsible for the strategy, planning, and execution of the firm’s tactical objectives to grow our client-base and drive new sales.I regularly attend local events and conferences, meet with small business owners, and promote a range of D’Andrea services. Key Client Responsibilities Include:● Assessing client needs, managing their expectations, negotiating service agreements. ● Leading the new client enrollment, on-boarding process, and support during the transition process● Leveraging expert accounting skills to evaluate existing client books and records● Analyzing financial statements and report variances to determine proper tax planning for company and taxpayer. ● Preparing financial statements and schedules● Preparing and maintaining monthly bookkeeping, reconciliation, and AP/AR.►►► About D’Andrea & Associates | Business | Tax | Financial AdvisorsD'Andrea & Associates, Ltd is a full-service accounting firm serving clients throughout the Chicago, Illinois area, dedicated to providing our clients with professional, personalized services and guidance in a wide range of financial and business needs. Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.), Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 DePaul University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Volunteer Experience Treasurer/Board Member Company Name South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) Events Committee Company Name West Central Association Chamber of Commerce Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 63 endorsements for Accounting 63 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Tax See 10 endorsements for Small Business Tax 10 Small Business Tax Endorsed by 3 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Marketing See 11 endorsements for Small Business Marketing 11 Small Business Marketing Endorsed by 4 of Zenon’s colleagues at D'Andrea & Associates, Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zenon has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations Chicago Tax Club City Club of Chicago South Loop Alliance (South Loop Chamber of Commerce) Illinois Society of Enrolled Agents National Association of Enrolled Agents Union League Club of Chicago West Central Association Chamber of Commerce Zenon has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Marketing Campaign Internship Program Paperless Office Virtual/Cloud Office Zenon has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent (EA) QuickBooks ProAdvisor Zenon has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Sterling Bay 2,173 followers RJS LAW 130 followers DePaul University (Chicago) 10,099 members Young Professionals Network - Chicago 9,683 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 331,195 followers Network After Work-Professional and Business Networking Events - 2 90,673 members See all See all following
More Actions Colette has a account Colette Blake-Smith Senior Tax Accountant at Komatsu America Corp Komatsu America Corp Greater Chicago Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Komatsu America Corp Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Mindy has a account Mindy Morgan Assistant Controller at i-wireless LLC i-wireless LLC Capital University Cincinnati Area, KY 116 116 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Assistant Controller Company Name i-wireless LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Newport, KY Accountant Company Name i-wireless LLC Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Owner Company Name Morgan Tax & Accounting Services LLC Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Perform tax and accounting services for small businesses and individuals. Stay At Home Mom Company Name Morgan Household Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos I enjoy staying home with our children, but I miss the challenge of a professional career. In February 2008, I launched my own tax and bookkeeping business that I operate out of our home so I may enjoy the best of both worlds. Manager of Finance Company Name Kroger Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Reviewed cash flow analyses of financial analysts to be submitted to senior management; Worked with various departments (MIS, Logistics, Human Resources) on developing cash flow analyses for their proposals; Refined the complicated cash flow model to be more automated and user friendly. See more positions Education Capital University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Pi Phi Epsilon Sorority, Tau Pi Phi Business Honor Society Graduated Magna Cum Laude. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Jay Campbell and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Jay Campbell and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 2 endorsements for Leadership 2 Leadership Pat Morgan and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Burns Brady Creative Consultant for Strategic Brand Identity Development June 22, 2008, Burns was a client of Mindy’s We hired Mindy and her tax service's to help deal with filing company taxes for the 2007 tax year. She did an exceptional job and exceeded my high expectations. I would recommended her for any of your personal or business tax or accounting needs.Burns Brady: Chief Creative OfficeBrandocity: Accelerating Business Results hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Capital University 18,068 followers Capital University 18,957 followers Kroger 116,193 followers i-wireless LLC 584 followers
More Actions Michael E. has a account Michael E. Chang, CPA, MBT Associate Director - Tax at Fox (Film, TV and Sports) Fox (Film, TV and Sports) University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Over 12 years of public and private tax consulting experience servicing a broad range of industries including Automotive, Construction, Entertainment, Financial Institutions, Healthcare, Hospitality, Manufacturing/Distribution, Non-profit, Real Estate, and Software Development. Experienced in ASC-740/tax provision calculations, income, franchise, excise, sales and use, and property tax compliance and planning. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Director - Tax Company Name Fox (Film, TV and Sports) Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Fox Group operates businesses in all segments of broadcast, cable, film and digital entertainment. The group is comprised of highly successful film and television studios including Twentieth Century Fox Film, Twentieth Century Fox Television and Fox Television Studios; leading broadcast networks FOX and MyNetworkTV; 27 local television stations; and an extensive collection of cable entertainment, news and sports programming networks including Fox News, Fox Business Network, Fox Sports Net, Fuel, FX and National Geographic, among others.Michael reviews corporate and partnership federal and state income tax returns, reviews and prepares interim and year-end tax provisions including current taxable income calculations and deferred tax roll-forwards, and manages and reviews various aspects of the deduction of television and film production costs using the Income Forecast Method of depreciation. Tax Manager Company Name Kling & Pathak LLP Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Kling & Pathak, LLP is an integrated accounting and consulting firm that focuses on providing professional services parallel to national accounting firms with the level of dedication one expects from a personal business advisor. Its mission is to develop innovative strategies and creative solutions to enhance productivity and improve profitability for its clients.As part of the firm's Large Business Services (LBS) practice, Michael prepared tax provisions in accordance with ASC 740-10, reviewed consolidated Federal and multi-state returns, and performed ad-hoc tax research for emerging tax issues faced by the firm's clients. Tax Manager Company Name Sumitomo Rubber North America, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Sumitomo Rubber North America, Inc. (SRNA), based in Rancho Cucamonga California, is the corporate headquarters for North American operations of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. located in Kobe, Japan. Michael prepared the company’s quarterly and annual tax provision in accordance with ASC 740-10 (formerly FIN 48), reviewed Form 1120, and related 20+ state income/franchise returns and related workpapers. He also implemented a state nexus exposure review process and annually provided updates to executive committee members to assess potential tax exposure. He also researched topics related to income, franchise, sales and use, international (APA), and excise tax and was the main point-of-contact for various federal, state and local taxing authority audits and exams. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name City of Hope Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos City of Hope is a leading research and treatment center for cancer, diabetes and other life-threatening diseases. Since its founding in 1913, City of Hope has developed into an internationally recognized center whose research and treatment protocols advance care throughout the nation.Michael’s responsibilities included preparation/review of Forms 990, 990-T, CA 199, CA 109, RRF-1 for various non-profit entities of City of Hope, review of Form 990 compliance workpapers from general accounting staff, seniors, and supervisors, preparation/review of corporate tax returns of City of Hope (Forms 1120, and CA 100), sales/use tax return preparation/review and general sales/use tax research, preparation/review of trust returns of City of Hope (Forms 1041, CA541), facilitate/manage the tax compliance process, implementation of process improvements within the tax function, and providing tax research on various topics.He also was responsible for maintaining compliance with city and state licensing and permit regulations and managing, and providing training for tax staff. Supervisor, Tax Services Company Name RSM US, LLP (fka McGladrey) Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos RSM US LLP is a leading provider of audit, tax and consulting services focused on the middle market. We guide our clients through business challenges by understanding their needs and bringing together the right team to address them. With 9,000 professionals and associates in 86 cities nationwide and access to more than 38,300 people in 120 countries through our membership in RSM International, we can meet your needs wherever in the world you do business.Michael was a Tax Services Supervisor in the Los Angeles/Riverside offices of RSM’s core tax practice. He provided tax consulting and tax compliance services to both private and publicly held clients in the Construction, Entertainment, Financial Institutions, Healthcare, Manufacturing/Distribution, Non-profit, Real Estate, and Software Development industries.His experience included working with C and S Corporations, Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies, Exempt Organizations, High Net Worth individuals, and Deferred Compensation Plans. He reviewed and prepared consolidated federal and multi-state tax returns and related workpapers, FIN48/tax provision work, researched tax issues, and other tax consulting services for his clients, and conducted formal and informal training sessions for staff and senior level tax associates. Education University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Degree Name Master's of Business Taxation (MBT) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Yonsei University Degree Name International Education and Exchange Program Field Of Study Business & Public Administration; Concentration: Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Seoul, South Korea • Courses Included: International Business, Comparative Political Economy of East Asia, Sociology, Modern Korean History, Korean Arts and Culture, and Korean Language California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Business and Public Admin; Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 34 endorsements for Tax 34 Tax Endorsed by Michelle Davidian, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 31 endorsements for Tax Research 31 Tax Research Endorsed by 4 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 30 endorsements for Corporate Tax 30 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 4 of Michael E.’s colleagues at Falken Tire Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Diana Tang Accountant at Farmers Insurance Group of Companies October 23, 2010, Michael E. was Diana’s mentor I have had the pleasure to work with Diana in an advisor/mentor capacity while I was a co-chair of Ascend's (a professional business organization) second annual event. Diana has exhibited a diligent and proactive attitude towards every task to which she was assigned. Diana was able to bring forth good ideas and execute them well. She is well positioned to be highly successful in the future. It was a pleasure to work with her and I hope to have her on our team in the years to come. Mary (Ran) Jia, CPA MBT Tax Manager at Redwood-Kairos Real Estate Partners July 7, 2009, Michael E. was Mary (Ran)’s mentor Ran has become an indelible part of our Los Angeles Metro chapter of Ascend. I have had the pleasure of working with Ran while I was co-chair of a committee in which she was involved. She was quite adept at taking a task and running with it, with little supervision, and impressed many of the chapter officers with her ambition, motivation and excellent performance. She also took on roles of increasing responsibility while taking her Master's degree courses and studying for the CPA exam. She acted with great poise and professionalism as a representative of our organization in front of the news media where she promoted two of our largest events. It was a pleasure to have her on our team and she played an important role in making our events a huge success! Accomplishments Interests University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business 48,577 followers RSM US Alumni 5,513 members University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business 55,566 followers California State University-San Bernardino - College of Business and Public Administration 4,246 followers Ascend 9,875 members The Official USC Alumni Association Group 50,767 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Perry Vice President, Global Tax at Altegrity, Inc. Corporate Risk Holdings, LLC (Formerly Altegrity, Inc.) Golden Gate University New York, New York 179 179 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Global Tax Company Name Corporate Risk Holdings, LLC (Formerly Altegrity, Inc.) Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location New York, NY Responsible for worldwide tax planning and strategy, and day-to-day supervision of the company’s tax department. Responsibilities include research and planning, oversight of compliance, and coordination, budgeting and supervision of worldwide tax counsel and advisors. Heavily involved in the design and implementation of transactional tax planning, including acquisitions/divestitures, restructurings, financing, and cash deployment and repatriation. Responsible for managing and mentoring 7-member tax department based in the US, and foreign office accounting personnel with tax responsibilities. Oversee outside advisors globally on outsourcing projects. Report to Chief Accounting Officer. Senior Tax Manager Company Name TEREX CORPORATION Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Responsible for global income tax accounting and US GAAP financial statement disclosure. Initially hired to implement a global tax provision process to remediate a pre-existing material weakness in income tax accounting. Led a team of three tax professionals to tax account for approximately 200 US and foreign legal entities. Additional responsibilities included US GAAP and tax research, tax department administration, and various special projects including acquisitions and divestitures.Major accomplishments included:- Remediated pre-existing material weakness in tax accounting.- Implemented an integrated tax provision system linking Hyperion Financial Management database with an Excel based provision module. The module streamlined the flow of data, increased data integrity, and reduced errors and time-to-close.- Managed tax accounting for several significant acquisitions, as well as the disposition of the company's mining segment and Atlas businesses (sales price of approximately $1.3 billion). - Two-time winner of Chairman's Award for Financial Excellence. Tax Manager Company Name ATLAS AIR, INC Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 10 mos Managed the federal, state and foreign tax compliance functions for the world's largest air cargo outsourcer. Responsible for various tax planning projects and the development and implementation of procedural improvements to the compliance process. Major accomplishments included:- Prepared ASC 740 disclosures for quarterly and annual financial statements filed with the SEC.- Appealed property tax assessments in multiple jurisdictions, resulting in significant tax savings.- Prepared consolidated income tax returns for Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. and its 10 subsidiaries. - Managed the implementation of tax compliance software. Manager, Accounting and Taxation Company Name WAVESPLITTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Managed the general accounting and tax functions with a staff of three accountants. Responsible for US GAAP financial reporting as well as federal and state tax compliance. In-sourced tax return preparation for income, sales and use and property taxes. Major accomplishments included:Significant involvement in the preparation of S-1 registration statement with the SEC. Prepared ASC 740 disclosures for annual financial statements.Designed and implemented internal control policies and procedures for financial reporting and general accounting. Assistant Controller Company Name AUDIOBASE, INC Dates Employed May 2000 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 7 mos Responsible for the general accounting operations of a start-up internet audio company. Supervised staff in daily accounting operations. Major accomplishments included:Led the design and implementation of the company's internal control structures for Purchasing, Receiving, Accounts Payable, and Fixed Assets.Selected and deployed the firm's accounting software package (Peachtree). Project resulted in streamlined reporting capabilities and increased accuracy of financial information. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name M.S. Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 San Francisco State University Degree Name B.S. Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 10 endorsements for Financial Reporting 10 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Michael Zunno, CPA, CGMA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jeff’s colleagues at Terex Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Endorsed by Michael Zunno, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Matthew George, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jeff’s colleagues at Terex Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Golden Gate University 42,406 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Altegrity 2,651 followers San Francisco State University 190,501 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members San Francisco State University 196,156 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brien has a account Brien Gregan, EA Tax Consultants of Maryland Tax Consultants of Maryland La Plata, Maryland 258 258 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner/President Company Name Tax Consultants of Maryland Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location La Plata, MD Preparing income taxes and representing taxpayers before the Internal Revenue Service. Enrolled Agent Company Name Smatax Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Tax preparation and IRS Representation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 55 endorsements for Tax Preparation 55 Tax Preparation Todd Roy and 54 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 39 endorsements for Income Tax 39 Income Tax Todd Roy and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills IRS See 34 endorsements for IRS 34 IRS Todd Roy and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brien has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SMBN Interests Electronic Return Originators, IRS e-file. 5,070 members
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Gardner Owner at White Rock Tax Service White Rock Tax Service Texas A&M University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 346 346 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name White Rock Tax Service Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Partner/Vice President Company Name Sterling's Bookkeeping & Tax Service Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 13 yrs 5 mos Education Texas A&M University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 41 endorsements for Tax 41 Tax Endorsed by 6 of Kevin’s colleagues at Sterling's Bookkeeping & Tax Service Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 40 endorsements for Accounting 40 Accounting Endorsed by 6 of Kevin’s colleagues at Sterling's Bookkeeping & Tax Service Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 33 endorsements for Small Business 33 Small Business Endorsed by 4 of Kevin’s colleagues at Sterling's Bookkeeping & Tax Service Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Gail Sullivan Education Management Professional August 15, 2014, Gail was a client of Kevin’s hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas A&M University 358,594 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Texas A&M University 341,696 followers White Rock Tax Service 11 followers
More Actions Ashley M. has a account Ashley M. Hannah, CPA Tax Analyst at Phillips Edison & Company Phillips Edison & Company Xavier University Cincinnati, Ohio 245 245 connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant (Ohio) Highlights Follow Follow Ashley M.’s Activity 245 followers PECO Real Estate Partners Announces Strategic Partnership with Almanac Realty Investors, LLC Ashley M. liked M&A is heating up again and VL is well prepared to advise on every facet of a transaction. We recently added Keith Carlson to the team as the Director of our M&A advisory services to ensure that our clients get the most out of a sale or acquisition. Let us know if you'd like to discuss a deal opportunity. Ashley M. liked Celebrating Phillips Edison & Company being named a 2017 Top Place to Work by the Cincinnati Enquirer with a toast! Ashley M. liked Top Workplaces: These firms are 'best in show' Ashley M. liked Absolutely honored to be a finalist. Ashley M. liked Life Lessons from the Checkout Counter Ashley M. liked See all activity Experience Tax Analyst Company Name Phillips Edison & Company Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cincinnati Area, KY Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Plante Moran Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cincinnati Area, KY Supervisor, CPA Company Name VonLehman & Company Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos In Charge Accountant, CPA Company Name VonLehman & Company, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name VonLehman & Co., Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos See more positions Education Xavier University Degree Name B.S.B.A. Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Bishop Fenwick High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) brandon m powers cpa Tax Manager January 22, 2014, brandon m managed Ashley M. directly I had the privilege of working with Ashley during my time at VL, and she made me look at times far better than I deserved. She is always punctual, incredibly bright, and willing to work hard to get the job finished, and done so on time and under-budget. She has a very bright future. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Xavier University 53,974 followers Xavier University 51,522 followers VonLehman & Company Inc. 1,164 followers Phillips Edison & Company 3,396 followers Xavier University Alumni 9,428 members Plante Moran 18,862 followers See all See all following
More Actions Julie has a account Julie Jeffers Owner, Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting University of Louisville Indianapolis, Indiana Area 420 420 connections Send InMail Helping business owners and individual along the path to better financial management Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Jeffers and Company Inc. 2430 East Main StreetPlainfield, IN 46168317-837-7720317-203-0051 faxwww.taxservicesindianapolis.comNew e-mail: Julie@JeffersCo.net Vice President Company Name Digital Evolution Dates Employed 1991 – 2011 Employment Duration 20 yrs CFO Controller Company Name Ballet Internationale Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Supervise 2, Financial Statements, oversee external audit Tax Accountant Company Name Newcourt Financial Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Property tax and Sales tax filing, nationwide Education University of Louisville Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Major Finance, minor Accounting Volunteer Experience Assistant Coach Company Name Avon Junior Runners Dates volunteered Mar 2014 – Mar 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Encourage youngster (4th-6th grade) to enjoy running and exercise regularly Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 29 endorsements for Small Business 29 Small Business Endorsed by Maddie Brown and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Johnny Camacho, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 26 endorsements for Tax 26 Tax Jodi Ausland and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lisa Hensley Tax, Financial Reporting Supervisor March 20, 2011, Julie managed Lisa directly Lisa was dedicated and strong in the face of the adversity at the Ballet. Thank you, Lisa. Best Wishes. Accomplishments Interests Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting 9 followers CNNMoney 1,147,888 followers University of Louisville 96,490 followers CFO Mastermind Group 278 members Milliner & Associates, LLC 1,060 followers Small Business Owners by NFIB 8,957 members See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Reid, CPA, CGA Vice President, Tax and Estate Planning at Richardson GMP Richardson GMP Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) Calgary, Alberta, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Jennifer’s Activity 646 followers KPMG Calgary had a great day with the World Partnership Walk this past Sunday. The team did their part to solve global poverty. https://lnkd.in/efPx8-2 Jennifer liked Jennifer shared this See all activity Experience Vice President, Tax and Estate Planning Company Name Richardson GMP Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Group Study Leader - Level One In Depth Tax Company Name CPA Canada (Chartered Professional Accountants Canada) Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Tax Manager, KPMG Enterprise Company Name KPMG Canada Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Calgary, Canada Area Senior Analyst, Tax Company Name Grant Thornton LLP in Canada Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Senior Associate, PCS Tax Company Name PwC Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Education Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) Degree Name In-Depth Tax Issues for the Owner-Managed Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) Degree Name 3 year In Depth Tax Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Completed three level updated certificate program. Mount Royal University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 28 endorsements for Corporate Tax 28 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Travis T. Libby, CPA, CGA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jennifer’s colleagues at KPMG Canada Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 10 endorsements for Income Tax 10 Income Tax Endorsed by Travis T. Libby, CPA, CGA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at KPMG Canada Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Farrah Hussein, CA Specialist, US Liquids at Enbridge August 14, 2012, Jennifer worked with Farrah but at different companies Farrah is a great business connection who will listen to your needs and then strive to achieve and exceed them. I have recommended Farrah to others based on the great experience I had with her. Accomplishments Interests KPMG 31,288 members Grant Thornton LLP 144,450 followers Walton Group of Companies 3,466 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Mount Royal University 56,226 followers Mount Royal University 53,183 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Danowski, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP Widener University Greater Philadelphia Area 324 324 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Senior Tax Accountant Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Philadelphia Staff Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Staff Accountant Company Name LECG Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Elko & Associates & Ltd. Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Widener University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Phi Sigma Sigma, Beta Alpha Psi, Order of Omega Villanova University School of Law Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 15 endorsements for Tax Preparation 15 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Frank Griffin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Veronica Plousis, CPA, AIF® and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by Frank Griffin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nicole has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Beta Alpha Psi 27,412 members BDO USA, LLP 47,373 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,097 followers Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 15,344 members Forbes 4,680,041 followers Widener University 31,237 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Rutkowski, CPA Senior Controller at Persado Persado University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Controller Company Name Persado Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Persado’s cognitive content platform generates language that inspires action. Powered by cognitive computing technologies, the platform eliminates the random process behind traditional message creation. Persado arms organizations and individuals with “smart content” that maximizes the efficacy of communication with any audience at scale, while delivering unique insight into the specific triggers that drive action.Using Persado, leading brands such as Citi, MetLife, Microsoft, Neiman Marcus, Staples and Verizon Wireless have realized one billion dollars in incremental revenue and an average uplift of 49.5% in conversions across marketing campaigns. Winner of the DMA Innovation Award for Digital Technology, Persado’s investors include Goldman Sachs, Bain Capital Ventures, StarVest Partners, American Express Ventures and Citi Ventures. Persado is headquartered in New York City with locations in San Francisco, Athens, London, Rome, Toronto, Frankfurt, Rio de Janeiro, and Lagos.Named a 2016 Cool Vendor by Gartner Inc. Controller Company Name Persado Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Accounting Manager Company Name AvePoint Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Jersey City, NJ At AvePoint, I managed the accounting and finance department in Jersey City and Beijing. My core responsibilities were but not limited to:- Oversee the general accounting and daily operations of the department (Revenue recognition, AR, AP, accruals, inter-company transactions, consolidations, eliminations, monthly closing, etc.)- Create and monitor financial policies, procedures and controls, including establishing VSOE revenue recognition and an internal revenue audit process in FY 2010- Provide and present financial statement reporting and analysis, cash flow analysis, budgeting and forecasting to management- Ensure compliance with local, state, and federal reporting requirements in US and international subsidiariesAvePoint is a global technology company and proven software leader. Since its founding in 2001, AvePoint has become one of the world’s largest providers of enterprise-class governance solutions for Microsoft SharePoint. Propelled by one of the world’s largest SharePoint-exclusive research & development teams, AvePoint helps more than 8,000 customers – including many Fortune 500 companies and government agencies – meet their specific business objectives utilizing the SharePoint platform. AvePoint is headquartered and maintains its principle engineering center in Jersey City, NJ, with wholly owned sales and engineering centers in the USA, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, and China. AvePoint is a Depth Managed Microsoft Gold Certified Portals and Collaboration Partner and Gold Certified ISV Partner as well as a US Government GSA provider via strategic partnerships. Senior Accountant Company Name Meisel, Tuteur & Lewis P.C. Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos At Meisel, Tuteur & Lewis, I was a hands-on, top-to-bottom public accountant, responsible for building a company's financial statements from the ground-up and analyzing their business trends. I serviced small to medium sized clients in many different industries including but not limited to: auto finance, commercial business forms, direct mail, financial services, health care, HVAC, legal services, manufacturing, non-profits, personal training, real estate, retail and recruitment services. My core responsibilities were but not limited to:- Preparing and reviewing audited financial statements for compliance with GAAP and OCBOA- Preparing monthly closing of books, posted adjusting journal entries to general ledgers, and reconciling general ledger accounts- Preparing and reviewing income tax returns for various entities including corporations, private foundations, investment and real estate partnerships, employee benefit plans, estates, trusts and individuals- Analyzing financial information including year to year changes, benchmarks, cash flow, profit margins, tax planning and forecasts. Presented information to client management and ownership- Mentoring and supervising the junior accounting team for audit engagements and tax preparation- Writing and collaborating on articles for the company’s quarterly newsletter “Our Perspectives” on topics such as personal finance, occupational fraud, and federal tax updates. Education University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Degree Name 2005 Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 33 endorsements for Accounting 33 Accounting Endorsed by Joseph Medrano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Persado Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 21 endorsements for GAAP 21 GAAP Charalampos Georgopoulos and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 15 endorsements for Accounts Payable 15 Accounts Payable Endorsed by Ray Ly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Persado Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Eglitis Project Manager at Accruent September 23, 2013, Michael was a client of Kevin’s I highly recommend Kevin. When Kevin and I first started working together, he made sure that he spent enough time with me to have a thorough understanding of my experience, skills and future goals. He carefully dissected what I had done in the past and how I wanted to move my career forward. I appreciated this because it demonstrated that he wanted to find the right fit for me. Ultimately, my time spent with Kevin was a success. He introduced me to a tremendous opportunity within a company that matched what I was looking for and I accepted a position with them. If you work with Kevin, you’ll find that he will listen to your needs and work hard to find the best opportunity for you. Accomplishments Interests University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics 11,157 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,583 followers The New York Times 2,465,733 followers The Financial Supply Chain – 'Going Beyond the Process' 2,395 members Eric RiesEric Ries is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Long-Term Stock Exchange 483,615 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ashley M. has a account Ashley M. Hannah, CPA Tax Analyst at Phillips Edison & Company Phillips Edison & Company Xavier University Cincinnati, Ohio 245 245 connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant (Ohio) Highlights Follow Follow Ashley M.’s Activity 245 followers PECO Real Estate Partners Announces Strategic Partnership with Almanac Realty Investors, LLC Ashley M. liked M&A is heating up again and VL is well prepared to advise on every facet of a transaction. We recently added Keith Carlson to the team as the Director of our M&A advisory services to ensure that our clients get the most out of a sale or acquisition. Let us know if you'd like to discuss a deal opportunity. Ashley M. liked Celebrating Phillips Edison & Company being named a 2017 Top Place to Work by the Cincinnati Enquirer with a toast! Ashley M. liked Top Workplaces: These firms are 'best in show' Ashley M. liked Absolutely honored to be a finalist. Ashley M. liked Life Lessons from the Checkout Counter Ashley M. liked See all activity Experience Tax Analyst Company Name Phillips Edison & Company Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cincinnati Area, KY Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Plante Moran Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cincinnati Area, KY Supervisor, CPA Company Name VonLehman & Company Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos In Charge Accountant, CPA Company Name VonLehman & Company, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name VonLehman & Co., Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos See more positions Education Xavier University Degree Name B.S.B.A. Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Bishop Fenwick High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) brandon m powers cpa Tax Manager January 22, 2014, brandon m managed Ashley M. directly I had the privilege of working with Ashley during my time at VL, and she made me look at times far better than I deserved. She is always punctual, incredibly bright, and willing to work hard to get the job finished, and done so on time and under-budget. She has a very bright future. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Xavier Accountancy Young Professionals 194 members Xavier University 53,974 followers Plante Moran 18,862 followers Xavier University 51,522 followers Phillips Edison & Company 3,396 followers VonLehman & Company Inc. 1,164 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brien has a account Brien Gregan, EA Tax Consultants of Maryland Tax Consultants of Maryland La Plata, Maryland 258 258 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner/President Company Name Tax Consultants of Maryland Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location La Plata, MD Preparing income taxes and representing taxpayers before the Internal Revenue Service. Enrolled Agent Company Name Smatax Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Tax preparation and IRS Representation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 55 endorsements for Tax Preparation 55 Tax Preparation Todd Roy and 54 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 39 endorsements for Income Tax 39 Income Tax Todd Roy and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills IRS See 34 endorsements for IRS 34 IRS Todd Roy and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brien has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SMBN Interests Electronic Return Originators, IRS e-file. 5,070 members
More Actions Julie has a account Julie Jeffers Owner, Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting University of Louisville Indianapolis, Indiana Area 420 420 connections Send InMail Helping business owners and individual along the path to better financial management Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Jeffers and Company Inc. 2430 East Main StreetPlainfield, IN 46168317-837-7720317-203-0051 faxwww.taxservicesindianapolis.comNew e-mail: Julie@JeffersCo.net Vice President Company Name Digital Evolution Dates Employed 1991 – 2011 Employment Duration 20 yrs CFO Controller Company Name Ballet Internationale Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Supervise 2, Financial Statements, oversee external audit Tax Accountant Company Name Newcourt Financial Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Property tax and Sales tax filing, nationwide Education University of Louisville Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Major Finance, minor Accounting Volunteer Experience Assistant Coach Company Name Avon Junior Runners Dates volunteered Mar 2014 – Mar 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Encourage youngster (4th-6th grade) to enjoy running and exercise regularly Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 29 endorsements for Small Business 29 Small Business Endorsed by Maddie Brown and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Johnny Camacho, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 26 endorsements for Tax 26 Tax Jodi Ausland and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lisa Hensley Tax, Financial Reporting Supervisor March 20, 2011, Julie managed Lisa directly Lisa was dedicated and strong in the face of the adversity at the Ballet. Thank you, Lisa. Best Wishes. Accomplishments Interests Jeffers & Company Tax & Accounting 9 followers CNNMoney 1,147,889 followers Modern Marketing Methods for Accountants 4,093 members Small Business Owners by NFIB 8,957 members UofL Alumni Association 7,974 members University of Louisville 87,425 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Danowski, CPA Senior Tax Accountant at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP Widener University Greater Philadelphia Area 324 324 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Senior Tax Accountant Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Philadelphia Staff Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Staff Accountant Company Name LECG Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Elko & Associates & Ltd. Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Widener University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Phi Sigma Sigma, Beta Alpha Psi, Order of Omega Villanova University School of Law Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 15 endorsements for Tax Preparation 15 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Frank Griffin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Veronica Plousis, CPA, AIF® and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by Frank Griffin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nicole’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nicole has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests BDO USA, LLP 47,373 followers Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law 8,716 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,101 followers Beta Alpha Psi - Widener University's Kappa Iota 31 members Widener University 32,488 followers Widener University 31,237 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tommy has a account Tommy Moore Senior Tax Manager at DiPiazza, LaRocca, Heeter & Co., LLC DiPiazza, LaRocca, Heeter & Co., LLC University of Alabama at Birmingham Birmingham, Alabama 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My name is Tommy Moore and I appreciate you taking a moment to learn more about me. I am a strategic Financial/Management Advisor and Business Partner experienced with CFO-level operations, helping corporations restructure and re-align to support productivity, revenue growth and client engagement/retention. I have built a career developing and implementing tactical plans to successfully manage and improve accounting, finance, asset/liability management, tax compliance and research, risk mitigation, mergers and acquisitions, organizational policies, human resources and optimized business processes. A savvy business professional with multi-industry operational and financial acumen, I improve organizational effectiveness through comprehensive and strategic alignment of business strategy, financial management, and performance improvement. Throughout my career, I have provided consultation, advice and leadership with a strong emphasis on creating value through strategic tax and financial planning for all facets of the business/individual life cycle. I have experience across industries with extensive knowledge of retail, manufacturing and distribution, professional services and construction environments. I am open to contact and connection with professionals who are committed to delivering excellence with integrity. I welcome new connections via LinkedIn, but also feel free to contact me directly. ✉ tmoore@dlhcpa.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name DiPiazza, LaRocca, Heeter & Co., LLC Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Tax Manager Company Name Cooke Cameron Travis & Co PC Dates Employed 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Tax Manager Company Name Haynes Downard, LLP Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Tax Manager Company Name PEARCE, BEVILL, LEESBURG, MOORE, P.C. Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Vice President & Manager of Client Services, Shareholder Company Name MKT CPA Group Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Birmingham, Alabama Area See more positions Education University of Alabama at Birmingham Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Theta Chi Fraternity Samford University Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Varsity Baseball Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 26 endorsements for Corporate Tax 26 Corporate Tax Bobby Adams and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 25 endorsements for QuickBooks 25 QuickBooks Endorsed by Melissa Tate, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 17 endorsements for Tax Research 17 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Tommy’s colleagues at PEARCE, BEVILL, LEESBURG, MOORE, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Candace Barr, CPRW Executive Resume Writer ★ Job Search Coach ★ LinkedIn Strategist ★ Former Executive Recruiter ★ Powerful, Modern Resumes August 3, 2015, Candace worked with Tommy but at different companies I recently had the privilege of working with Tommy on several strategic initiatives. I found him to be very knowledgeable and proactive with great insight - his focus keeps everything moving smoothly, he makes sure all deadlines are met, and I really respect his dedication to maintaining very high standards for all tasks, both big and small. Tommy is a calculated risk-taker and a realist. He can grasp ideas in a holistic manner and still pay attention to minor details. He has a well-deserved reputation as someone who is diligent, competent and personable – I look forward to having the opportunity to collaborate with him again in the future. Candace Barr, CPRW Executive Resume Writer ★ Job Search Coach ★ LinkedIn Strategist ★ Former Executive Recruiter ★ Powerful, Modern Resumes August 5, 2015, Tommy was a client of Candace’s I had the pleasure of working with Candace on my LinkedIn profile. Candace’s professionalism and competence were of great comfort throughout the project. Candace effortlessly transformed my various resumes and former LinkedIn profile into a seamless profile accentuating my talents and achievements. I was well pleased with the outcome provided by Candace; in as much I had her revise my resume Ruwena Healy, MBA Recruiter, Marketing Expert; Relationship Builder, Achieves Results November 14, 2012, Tommy worked with Ruwena but at different companies Ruwena Healy provided the continuing education for a meeting of 40+ members of the Birmingham Chapter of the ASCPA. Her presentation "Effective Personal Branding on LinkedIn" was well-received by all. The "top 5 techniques that you have to master to be top-of-mind with your contacts" was priceless. Engaging CPA's can be cumbersome, but she was witty and insightful. Accomplishments Tommy has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Hands on Birmingham Birmingham Chapter of Alabama Society of CPAs Oak Mountain Youth Baseball and Softball Association, Inc. Samford University, Accounting Advisory Board Alabama Society of Certified Public Accountants (ASCPA) The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Tommy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Tommy has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Inc. Magazine 1,638,411 followers BlackRock 335,872 followers Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP 4,381 followers ExxonMobil 923,991 followers COO Forum® (Chief Operating Officer) 28,578 members Blue & Co., LLC 2,868 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marc Bradac - has a account Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver Marc R. Bradac, CPA, MT - Business Consultant Denver Hanson & Co. CPAs Colorado State University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dynamic. Progressive. Strategic. Passionate. Loyal. Focused. Marc has developed exceptional communication skills, and a passion for advising his clients throughout the business cycle from inception through maturity. His practical business experience helps clients grow organically and his transactional experience helps clients grow through strategic acquisitions and mergers. Marc understands that businesses require more than a traditional audit and tax relationship. As such, he frequently utilizes benchmarking, analytics, research tax credit studies, cost segregation studies, due diligence, and business coaching as part of his client services. His clients represent a broad array of industries, but real estate is his primary focus. Marc has successfully represented large and small clients during federal and state examinations. He has extensive knowledge of corporations, partnerships, Subchapter S corporations, and individuals. In his current role as Shareholder, Marc has been largely responsible for the significant growth in Firm revenue during the past five years. He is also responsible for Firm recruiting, marketing, coaching, and servicing his current practice. Marc believes in giving back to the communities that support him and currently serves on two non-profit boards, including the Colorado Prevention Center and Invest in Kids. Marc was recently named one of Colorado’s Top Wealth Mangers by Colorado Biz Magazine. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Marc Bradac -’s Articles 542 followers Continued Growth in Commercial Real Estate Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 20, 2016 See 3 more articles De Minimis Safe Harbor Changes Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 2, 2015 Experience Shareholder, Director Company Name Hanson & Co. CPAs Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 8 mos * Calculated the purchase price allocation and tax disclosure of $110M installment sale of 10 media companies treated as a stock sale for book purposes and an asset sale for tax purposes.* Advised on the book and tax reporting of the disposition of a country music video station valued at $140M.* Determined the accounting and tax treatment for the installment sale of a large local real estate firm with numerous offices. * Identified, negotiated, and closed the purchase of a line of business from a large national public accounting firm.* Performed a comprehensive due diligence study for the acquisition of an Atlanta security services business, helped determine the legal structure of the transaction, and created the purchase price allocation. * Consulted and structured the acquisition of several franchise offices of a national real estate company. * Worked closely with attorneys in the drafting of several private placement memorandums (PPMs), and countless operating agreements.* Advised on the structuring of equity transactions and the solicitation of capital from banks and private investors.* Addressed questions and answers about equity offerings from potential investors and their outside advisors.* Identified, negotiated, and implemented a $33M land banking transaction strategy to a real estate developer resulting in a $7.0M tax savings.* Negotiated and closed a $1.6M office lease agreement and managed the $500k tenant build-out of the 17th floor of a Denver office building. * Advised a client during the acquisition of a commercial office building in downtown Denver during the purchase in 2008 and the sale in 2011 for $24.5M.* Accounted for numerous acquisitions and dispositions of commercial and residential rental real estate properties throughout the US.* Performed several cost segregation studies to accelerate tax depreciation, allow for better cash-flow management, and maximize income tax rate differentials. Tax Company Name Arthur Andersen LLP Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Denver Area Tax Company Name Time Warner Cable Dates Employed 1996 – 1997 Employment Duration 1 yr Tax Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed 1994 – 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Colorado State University Degree Name MT Field Of Study Masters of Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Regis High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by Scott Norquist, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by Scott Norquist, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Marc Bradac -’s colleagues at Spectrum (formerly Time Warner Cable) Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 20 endorsements for Due Diligence 20 Due Diligence Paul Wiesner and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Colorado Boulder 206,232 followers New Market Tax Credit Practitioners 1,641 members Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members University of Colorado Boulder 212,957 followers Colorado State University 198,954 followers Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants 306 followers See all See all following
More Actions Elmer (Pete) has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Elmer (Pete) Lewis MBA,CPA at Lewis & Associates Tax Planning, Inc. Lewis & Associates Tax Planning, Inc. Dominican University Geneva, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Mr. Lewis is a principal in Lewis & Associates Tax Planning, Inc. (LATP), a consulting firm which provides tax preparation, debt resolution, audit representation and tax reduction plans to business owners. LATP is staffed with certified public accountants and enrolled agents licensed to practice through the IRS. By networking with tax attorneys, certified financial planners and investment representatives, the staff at LATP structures comprehensive tax solutions that allow business owners to realize robust tax free growth. Mr. Lewis has more than 30 years of tax and accounting experience. He also teaches as an Adjunct Professor of Accounting and Finance at DePaul University and University of Phoenix. See website at http://www.taxadvisorstcharles.com. Specialties: -tax savings plans, tax debt resolution services See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Elmer (Pete)’s Articles 508 followers HOW TO RESOLVE IRS DEBT! Elmer (Pete) Lewis MBA,CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 10, 2015 See all articles Experience Executive Tax Consultant Company Name Lewis & Associates Tax Planning, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Location Saint Charles, Illinois Lewis & Associates Tax Planning, Inc. is a service provider of IRS debt resolution, tax planning and audit representation since 2008.. The firm is staffed by individuals with more than 25 years of tax experience. Our focus is on developing effective ways to minimize tax liabilities for business owners and individual taxpayers. Adjunct Professor Company Name De Paul University Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Teach Accounting, Finance and International Finance as part of the undergraduate program in the School of New Learning. Adjunct Professor Company Name University of Phoenix Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Lead Faculty Chairperson for Accounting, Finance and Economics in the School of Business. Adjunct Professor for finance, accounting and business management courses in the undergraduate and graduate programs. Board Member & Treasurer Company Name New Life Transitions Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos New Life Transitions is a nonprofit group formed to provide transitional services to formerly incarcerated individuals who are motivated to make a new start. Some of these services include transitional housing, counseling, vocational assistance and life skills development. Tax Writer Analyst Company Name Wolters Kluwer Law & Business Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Wrote editorial content and researched tax legislation, Treasury Regulations, IRS rulings and court cases which impacted tax developments affecting businesses and individuals. See more positions Education Dominican University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Illinois CPA society The Chicago Tax Club National Association of Tax Professionals Adjunct Professor of Accounting and Finance at:De Paul University, School of New Lew LearningUniversity of PhoenixWaubonsee Community College Roosevelt University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Southern Illinois University, Carbondale Degree Name BS Field Of Study Journalism Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1973 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 47 endorsements for Accounting 47 Accounting Endorsed by PHILLIP FERENZI and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Elmer (Pete)’s colleagues at University of Phoenix Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by Larry Perlman, CPA, JD, LLM, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Elmer (Pete)’s colleagues at University of Phoenix Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 23 endorsements for Finance 23 Finance Endorsed by PHILLIP FERENZI, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Elmer (Pete)’s colleagues at University of Phoenix Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Robert Harris, Ph.D, PMP, MOT, MSMC Program Chair, School of Business and Doctoral Dissertation Chair, School of Advance Studies January 4, 2017, Elmer (Pete) reported directly to Robert I've been working with Robert at the University of Phoenix for about three years. I've found him to be a very organized and strategic administrator. He is a forward thinker and has a keen sense of marketing. In addition to exhibiting sharp business skills, Robert embodies high moral standards, a good sense of fair play and a strong work ethic. Karen Calderon Coord-Finl Plng and Anyls (NTEG) at Verizon Wireless February 15, 2013, Elmer (Pete) was Karen’s teacher Karen was one of several students in a beginning level Finance class at UOP (University of Phoenix). The course was part of a live classroom curriculum. Karen was able to immediately grasp key financial metrics presented in the class. She demonstrated an above average understanding of financial principles, added value to class discussions and exhibited leadership in her team study group. I would certainly recommend Karen for any finance position. E. Pete Lewis, MBA, CPA View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Elmer (Pete) has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant and Enrolled Agent Before IRS Elmer (Pete) has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Roosevelt University 50,924 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members Southern Illinois University, Carbondale 132,299 followers University of Phoenix 821,349 followers Linked Local West Suburban CHICAGO 6,321 members The Power 20 Podcast 194 members See all See all following
More Actions Alees has a account Alees Marti Domestic Tax Manager at Starbucks, CPA Starbucks University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Kirkland, Washington 234 234 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Domestic Tax Manager Company Name Starbucks Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Manager Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Education University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Masters in Federal Taxation Field Of Study Federal Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Bachelors in Business Admin Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Bellevue Christian High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 11 endorsements for Corporate Tax 11 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Andrew Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Alees’ colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Andrew Liu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alees’ colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Cassandra Calvert, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alees’ colleagues at Starbucks Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Starbucks 801,550 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,483 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,687 followers
More Actions Kathy has a account Kathy Chao, CPA Partner at C G Uhlenberg LLP CG Uhlenberg LLP San Francisco Bay Area 275 275 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner Company Name CG Uhlenberg LLP Dates Employed 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 20 endorsements for Tax 20 Tax Jason Leake and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 16 endorsements for Income Tax 16 Income Tax H. Michael Vreeburg and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 13 endorsements for Tax Preparation 13 Tax Preparation Michael Leung and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Ingrid Yen Sr. Mgr. IT Delivery at Albertsons December 14, 2009, Ingrid was a client of Kathy’s Kathy came to me as a referral after I've had several issues with my previous CPA. When I met Kathy, she took very little time to resolve the mess I was in. Kathy is extremely knowledgeable, thorough, and pleasant to work with. She's always makes herself available to answer questions. Being very savvy with technology, the communication process and information exchange has also been the most efficient and effective compared to any other interactions I've had with any other vendor. Kathy has always given me good advice and she proactively looks out for her clients' interests. I would highly recommend speaking with Kathy first before deciding on a CPA. Olivier Gachot Experienced Software Leadership in Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success. November 17, 2009, Olivier was a client of Kathy’s Kathy Chao has been helping me with my taxes for the past 8 years (tax return preparation, tax planning, etc.) and I have been extremely pleased with her services. Kathy is professional, knowledgeable and very diligent. I highly recommend her. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests C.G. Uhlenberg LLP 71 followers
More Actions Laura has a account Laura Davis, CPA Senior Manager, Accounting at Prosper Marketplace Prosper Marketplace UC Santa Barbara San Francisco Bay Area 296 296 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Accounting Company Name Prosper Marketplace Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Senior Accountant Company Name Riverbed Technology Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Assurance Manager Company Name Burr Pilger Mayer Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Burr Pilger Mayer (BPM) is the largest California-based accounting and consulting firm. As a full-service accounting and consulting firm, our expertise spans far beyond the basics. We are deeply experienced in assurance, tax, business consulting, and wealth management with over 50 committed partners leading these groups. Our industry experience covers many sectors: technology (semiconductor, software, hardware, Internet/online media), life sciences, financial services, nonprofit, and more. Audit Senior Assistant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 12 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Audit Intern Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Education UC Santa Barbara Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Business Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Rick Gutierrez, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Laura’s colleagues at BPM LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 10 endorsements for Financial Reporting 10 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Ashley Sasaki, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Laura’s colleagues at BPM LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Endorsed by Michael Benjamin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Laura’s colleagues at BPM LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Santa Barbara 169,248 followers Prosper Marketplace 7,437 followers Riverbed Technology 61,433 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 178,928 followers
More Actions Nora has a account Nora Schmitz, EA MBA Accountant - Tax, Business, Individual Randy Foye Foundation University of Phoenix Parlin, New Jersey 182 182 connections Send InMail I work with Individuals, Professionals, Dentists, and Physicians to analyze their financial lives and plan for future events. Tax preparation - Tax planning - Estate Planning - College Planning - Accounting and Bookkeeping - QuickBooks - Business Consulting. Our team works exclusively with individuals and small businesses. Our sole commitment is to provide the highest level of quality accounting services to our clients. This service commitment allows our clients to benefit by getting one on one personalized service to create lasting customer relationships and the best service possible. We can computerize their historical financial data to understand current financial situations and help their business prepare for their future. We offer consultations for office management, start-up and financial controls management. Specialties: Independent Registered Tax Preparer, QuickBooks, Notary Services available. Our team comes to you. www.litztax.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Special Event Coordinator Company Name Randy Foye Foundation Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Rumson, NJ I assist and organize events for the Randy Foye Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization and their community outreach programs in Newark, NJ. The Randy Foye Foundation was founded by native NJ NBA basketball player, Randy Foye of the Denver Nuggets, and supports his commitment to the give back programs in his hometown community. President Company Name Litz Tax & Consulting Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 6 mos Location Parlin Accountant, Enrolled Agent, MBA, Specializing in Tax Preparation for Corporate, Small Business, Personal. Trusts & Estates, Business and Personal Planning, Accounting and Bookkeeping Services, QuickBooks, Payroll, Physician's and Dental office management and planning strategies.Licensed to practice before the IRS Nationwide.Experienced in historical financial data entry to focus on strategic growth and planning opportunities and asset protection.Member HFMA, NAEA, AICPA, NJSCPA, NJSEA, Notary Public Currently serving as Commissioner for Old Bridge Redevelopment Agency. Media (1) This position has 1 media Litz Tax and Consulting Litz Tax and Consulting This media is a link Treasurer Company Name Chamber of Commerce Old Bridge, Sayreville, and South Amboy Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Old Bridge The Mission of our Chamber of Commerce is to promote the local businesses of Old Bridge, Sayreville and South Amboy and help grow the commerce in the Middlesex County region. We have a local business focus.Our Goal is to "Be There" for our members by providing any form of assistance they may require, whether it be running a business, help with marketing, networking in the community or growing through e-commerce opportunities. Executive Director Company Name Alumni Path Foundation Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos The Alumni Path Foundation Supports the Athletic and Performing Arts programs for high school students. Controller IT Specialist Company Name Harter Equipment Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo As management team member, participate in strategic planning, including expense forecasting, tax planning, and cash management/investment strategies. Manage financial and accounting functions for budgeting and internal controls. Responsibilities extends to financial statements, profit flow/cash flow analysis, and management of lines of credit and bank account management. Hire and supervise accounting staff and office support staff. Corporate liaison to manufacturers, lenders, and auditors, reported directly to VP/Owner. Create and balance $10.5 million budgets, while designing and implementing internal controls. Direct and advise operational management teams in Sales, Service, Rental, and Parts Divisions. Perform monthly and semi-annual revenue and cost specific statistical analysis for strategic planning. Reduced expenses by 10% in addition to reducing freight costs by 18% by analyzing inventory levels and consolidating freight shipments Responsible for fixed assets and equipment vehicle financial floor plan Review and submissions of St-51State and Federal Excise 720 tax submissions.Payroll review and coordination with ADP service including staff salary review, tax compliance, and benefit managementCreated marketing campaigns and new customer mailing lists for advertising, and sales promotionsCreated cite specific database CRM applications to analyze sales trends and manage inventory needs. Design advertising and networking campaigns for printing and direct mail. Redesigned company website increasing sales by 12% including global sales markets, e-Marketing and database management.Maintain network connections; negotiate IT and ISP provider contracts, hardware and software for telecommunications, and off-site data storage systems.Responsible for software conversions and software development upgrades, IBM data link transfers, data mining, and data system backups. Maintain IBM iSeries server, SQL emulator software, and HUB service connections. See more positions Education University of Phoenix Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration University of Phoenix Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business, Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Management Middlesex County College Degree Name Associates in Applied Science Field Of Study Medical Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Presidential Society and Fund Raising Committee Volunteer Experience Member Company Name Redevelopment Authority - Old Bridge Township Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Member of the Old Bridge Township Redevelopment Authority. Looking for way to enhance business growth and development for the Old Bridge Community. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 19 endorsements for Accounting 19 Accounting Endorsed by Dave Martin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nora’s colleagues at WithumSmith+Brown Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Frank Schiraldi and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 13 endorsements for QuickBooks 13 QuickBooks Frank Schiraldi and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nora has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent Nora has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Shore Aid Interests National Society of Accountants 10,129 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members WithumSmith+Brown Talent & Alumni Network 155 members Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members Accounting Technology (2383032) 14,088 members CPA Practice Advisor 5,818 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick S. has a account Patrick S. McKay Financial Advisor at Professional Economic Growth Group Professional Economic Growth Group INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn Greater New York City Area 204 204 connections Send InMail I'm here to help educate you about the basic concepts of financial management. Specialties: Business Health Insurance & Retirement Plans, Individual Non-Qualified Retirement Plans, Business Continuation, Buy/Sell Agreements, Split Dollar Concepts, Financial Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Advisor Company Name Professional Economic Growth Group Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Owner Company Name PM Associates Dates Employed Jan 1979 – Present Employment Duration 38 yrs 6 mos Location Mt. Olive, NJ Operates accounting & tax consulting business focused primarily on small businesses and individuals. Financial/Retirement Consultant Company Name AXA Advisors Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Financial Planner Company Name Waddell & Reed Dates Employed May 2002 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Financial Planner Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed Dec 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Soccer Team, Treasurer-Caribbean Students Association, National Association of Black Accountants Featured Skills & Endorsements Retirement Planning See 38 endorsements for Retirement Planning 38 Retirement Planning Michael Simmons and 37 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Financial Planning See 33 endorsements for Strategic Financial Planning 33 Strategic Financial Planning Marc Miceli and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 30 endorsements for Investments 30 Investments Marc Miceli and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Bridgett Oberhuber Realtor Associate Century 21 Cataneo & Associates April 10, 2013, Bridgett was a client of Patrick S.’s We have entrusted our business as well as personal finances to Mr. Mckay for the past 29 years and highly recommend him. He truly places the well being of his clients front and center. Bryan Adamson Real Estate Agent at Burgdorff ERA April 16, 2012, Bryan was a client of Patrick S.’s View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Bridgett Oberhuber Realtor Associate Century 21 Cataneo & Associates November 16, 2013, Patrick S. was a client of Bridgett’s A conscientious hard working professional with great people skills. Accomplishments Interests Long Island University 50,910 followers INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn 29,443 followers Algorithmic Traders Association: CTA & Quant Funds System Trading | Stocks, Futures, Forex, Options 175,290 members Financial Services Global Network 1,147 members Independent Financial Advisors 23,044 members Jamaican Leadership Council 1,684 members See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Daniels CPA President Greenleaf Management Greenleaf management, inc Lawrence Drivon School of Law Modesto, California Area 147 147 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name Greenleaf management, inc Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Accounting, medical practice management. Member/ Co Manager Company Name Docu-stor Dates Employed 2001 – 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs president Company Name Innovative Structues Dates Employed 1994 – 2009 Employment Duration 15 yrs Education Lawrence Drivon School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 California State University-Fresno Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests State Bar of California 6,724 followers Modesto Irrigation District 1,218 followers Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members California State University, Fresno 73,933 followers Rotary International Group 72,779 members Law Practice Management 7,057 members See all See all following
More Actions Jack has a account Jack Levine,CPA Principal at Jack Levine PA CPA's Biscayne Pharmaceuticals, Inc. New York University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Board of Director Company Name Biscayne Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Miami, Florida A biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing novel therapiesbased on growth hormone-releasing hormone(GHRH) analogs.The company'stechnolgy stems from the discoveries of Dr. Andrew V. Schally,a Nobel laureateand pioneering endocrine drug developer. Chairman of the Audit Committee - Independent Board Member Company Name Provista Diagnostics, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location New York, New York A cancer detection and diagnostics company focused onwomen's cancer. The Company has established partnershipsthat allow access to some of the most innovative biomarkersin the molecular oncology market. Chairman of the Audit Committee-Independent Board Member Company Name SignPath Pharma, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Quakertown,Pennsylvania 18951 SignPhath Pharma is a development stage biotechnlogy company founded in late 2006 to develop proprietary synthethic formulations of curcumin for the application in malignant disease and neurophatic disorders. Pro Bono --Committee Member Company Name State of Florida -The Florida Bar : 11th Judicial Circuit Dates Employed 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs Location Miami, Florida Member Ethics and Grievance Committee andalternating with Member Unlicensed to Practice Law Committee. Effective February 8,2012 appointment toCircuit Unlicensed Practice of Law Committee 11Bin Miami, Florida President/CEO/CPA Company Name Jack Levine ,PA, CPA's Dates Employed 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs Location North Miami Beach, Florida Professionally qualified financial and accounting executive who for 30 years has been advising private companies and since 1999, public companies as an Independent Board Member and who has been acting as Chairman of the Board, Lead Director or Chairmain of the Audit Committee or Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In all my directorships, have promoted the voice of good Corporate Governance and Best Practices and maintained the highest standards of ethics. See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Master of Arts. Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 City University of New York-Hunter College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 84 endorsements for Finance 84 Finance Endorsed by Mike Landau and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jack’s colleagues at Provista Diagnostics, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Governance See 72 endorsements for Corporate Governance 72 Corporate Governance Endorsed by Yusuf Azizullah, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 53 endorsements for Auditing 53 Auditing Endorsed by Jim Liggett, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Yusuf Azizullah Chairman Board of Directors July 8, 2013, Jack was a client of Yusuf’s Jack is a board member who brings financial expertise with Technology know who. Understanding the Pharma life cycle and how technology enables innovation is a rare find. I would be happy to recommend Jack for his services. Michael Lefkowitz President, ECS Business Services, Cost Containment/Utility Bill Auditing January 3, 2012, Jack was a client of Michael’s Michael is an expert in finding ways in cost saving methods andincreasing cash flow. He is a seasoned professional and I wouldhighly recommend him and ECS Business Services to increase your profit, enhance shareholder and enterprise value.All the best.Jack Levine CPA Accomplishments Interests Biscayne Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 117 followers Sichenzia Ross Ference Kesner LLP 344 followers Invetech 3,730 followers Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,188 followers Dialysis Professionals 2,017 members Loeb & Troper 701 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marc Bradac - has a account Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver Marc R. Bradac, CPA, MT - Business Consultant Denver Hanson & Co. CPAs Colorado State University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dynamic. Progressive. Strategic. Passionate. Loyal. Focused. Marc has developed exceptional communication skills, and a passion for advising his clients throughout the business cycle from inception through maturity. His practical business experience helps clients grow organically and his transactional experience helps clients grow through strategic acquisitions and mergers. Marc understands that businesses require more than a traditional audit and tax relationship. As such, he frequently utilizes benchmarking, analytics, research tax credit studies, cost segregation studies, due diligence, and business coaching as part of his client services. His clients represent a broad array of industries, but real estate is his primary focus. Marc has successfully represented large and small clients during federal and state examinations. He has extensive knowledge of corporations, partnerships, Subchapter S corporations, and individuals. In his current role as Shareholder, Marc has been largely responsible for the significant growth in Firm revenue during the past five years. He is also responsible for Firm recruiting, marketing, coaching, and servicing his current practice. Marc believes in giving back to the communities that support him and currently serves on two non-profit boards, including the Colorado Prevention Center and Invest in Kids. Marc was recently named one of Colorado’s Top Wealth Mangers by Colorado Biz Magazine. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Marc Bradac -’s Articles 542 followers Continued Growth in Commercial Real Estate Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 20, 2016 See 3 more articles De Minimis Safe Harbor Changes Marc Bradac - Business Consultant Denver on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 2, 2015 Experience Shareholder, Director Company Name Hanson & Co. CPAs Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 8 mos * Calculated the purchase price allocation and tax disclosure of $110M installment sale of 10 media companies treated as a stock sale for book purposes and an asset sale for tax purposes.* Advised on the book and tax reporting of the disposition of a country music video station valued at $140M.* Determined the accounting and tax treatment for the installment sale of a large local real estate firm with numerous offices. * Identified, negotiated, and closed the purchase of a line of business from a large national public accounting firm.* Performed a comprehensive due diligence study for the acquisition of an Atlanta security services business, helped determine the legal structure of the transaction, and created the purchase price allocation. * Consulted and structured the acquisition of several franchise offices of a national real estate company. * Worked closely with attorneys in the drafting of several private placement memorandums (PPMs), and countless operating agreements.* Advised on the structuring of equity transactions and the solicitation of capital from banks and private investors.* Addressed questions and answers about equity offerings from potential investors and their outside advisors.* Identified, negotiated, and implemented a $33M land banking transaction strategy to a real estate developer resulting in a $7.0M tax savings.* Negotiated and closed a $1.6M office lease agreement and managed the $500k tenant build-out of the 17th floor of a Denver office building. * Advised a client during the acquisition of a commercial office building in downtown Denver during the purchase in 2008 and the sale in 2011 for $24.5M.* Accounted for numerous acquisitions and dispositions of commercial and residential rental real estate properties throughout the US.* Performed several cost segregation studies to accelerate tax depreciation, allow for better cash-flow management, and maximize income tax rate differentials. Tax Company Name Arthur Andersen LLP Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Denver Area Tax Company Name Time Warner Cable Dates Employed 1996 – 1997 Employment Duration 1 yr Tax Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed 1994 – 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Colorado State University Degree Name MT Field Of Study Masters of Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Regis High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by Scott Norquist, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by Scott Norquist, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Marc Bradac -’s colleagues at Spectrum (formerly Time Warner Cable) Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 20 endorsements for Due Diligence 20 Due Diligence Paul Wiesner and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Colorado Boulder 206,232 followers Colorado State University 190,472 followers University of Colorado Boulder 212,957 followers Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members Hanson&Co. Certified Public Accountants 306 followers Colorado State University 198,954 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alees has a account Alees Marti Domestic Tax Manager at Starbucks, CPA Starbucks University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Kirkland, Washington 234 234 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Domestic Tax Manager Company Name Starbucks Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Manager Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Education University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Masters in Federal Taxation Field Of Study Federal Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Bachelors in Business Admin Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Bellevue Christian High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 11 endorsements for Corporate Tax 11 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Andrew Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Alees’ colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Andrew Liu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alees’ colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Cassandra Calvert, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alees’ colleagues at Starbucks Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers Starbucks 801,551 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,483 followers
More Actions James has a account James Daniels CPA President Greenleaf Management Greenleaf management, inc Lawrence Drivon School of Law Modesto, California Area 147 147 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name Greenleaf management, inc Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Accounting, medical practice management. Member/ Co Manager Company Name Docu-stor Dates Employed 2001 – 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs president Company Name Innovative Structues Dates Employed 1994 – 2009 Employment Duration 15 yrs Education Lawrence Drivon School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 California State University-Fresno Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests California State University, Fresno 73,933 followers Corporate Finance Network- CFO Strategy, Budgeting, Forecasting, Compliance, Accounting, Tax & Audit 35,704 members Corporate Real Estate 210,763 members Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,681 members Rotary International Group 72,779 members Forensic Accounting & the Law (ALA) 28,347 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick S. has a account Patrick S. McKay Financial Advisor at Professional Economic Growth Group Professional Economic Growth Group INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn Greater New York City Area 204 204 connections Send InMail I'm here to help educate you about the basic concepts of financial management. Specialties: Business Health Insurance & Retirement Plans, Individual Non-Qualified Retirement Plans, Business Continuation, Buy/Sell Agreements, Split Dollar Concepts, Financial Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Advisor Company Name Professional Economic Growth Group Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Owner Company Name PM Associates Dates Employed Jan 1979 – Present Employment Duration 38 yrs 6 mos Location Mt. Olive, NJ Operates accounting & tax consulting business focused primarily on small businesses and individuals. Financial/Retirement Consultant Company Name AXA Advisors Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Financial Planner Company Name Waddell & Reed Dates Employed May 2002 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Financial Planner Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed Dec 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Soccer Team, Treasurer-Caribbean Students Association, National Association of Black Accountants Featured Skills & Endorsements Retirement Planning See 38 endorsements for Retirement Planning 38 Retirement Planning Michael Simmons and 37 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Financial Planning See 33 endorsements for Strategic Financial Planning 33 Strategic Financial Planning Marc Miceli and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 30 endorsements for Investments 30 Investments Marc Miceli and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Bridgett Oberhuber Realtor Associate Century 21 Cataneo & Associates April 10, 2013, Bridgett was a client of Patrick S.’s We have entrusted our business as well as personal finances to Mr. Mckay for the past 29 years and highly recommend him. He truly places the well being of his clients front and center. Bryan Adamson Real Estate Agent at Burgdorff ERA April 16, 2012, Bryan was a client of Patrick S.’s View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Bridgett Oberhuber Realtor Associate Century 21 Cataneo & Associates November 16, 2013, Patrick S. was a client of Bridgett’s A conscientious hard working professional with great people skills. Accomplishments Interests Makeup Artists and Beauty Advisors 11,873 members Jamaican Leadership Council 1,684 members The Financial Services Network: An Exclusive Community for Advisors, RIAs, Agents, & CPAs 12,013 members The Financial Services Network: An Exclusive Community for Financial Planners & Advisors 5,717 members NY/NJ Business Owners, Entrepreneurs and Start-Ups 14,738 members Pareto Systems for Financial Professionals 1,888 members See all See all following
More Actions Jack has a account Jack Levine,CPA Principal at Jack Levine PA CPA's Biscayne Pharmaceuticals, Inc. New York University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Board of Director Company Name Biscayne Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Miami, Florida A biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing novel therapiesbased on growth hormone-releasing hormone(GHRH) analogs.The company'stechnolgy stems from the discoveries of Dr. Andrew V. Schally,a Nobel laureateand pioneering endocrine drug developer. Chairman of the Audit Committee - Independent Board Member Company Name Provista Diagnostics, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location New York, New York A cancer detection and diagnostics company focused onwomen's cancer. The Company has established partnershipsthat allow access to some of the most innovative biomarkersin the molecular oncology market. Chairman of the Audit Committee-Independent Board Member Company Name SignPath Pharma, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Quakertown,Pennsylvania 18951 SignPhath Pharma is a development stage biotechnlogy company founded in late 2006 to develop proprietary synthethic formulations of curcumin for the application in malignant disease and neurophatic disorders. Pro Bono --Committee Member Company Name State of Florida -The Florida Bar : 11th Judicial Circuit Dates Employed 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs Location Miami, Florida Member Ethics and Grievance Committee andalternating with Member Unlicensed to Practice Law Committee. Effective February 8,2012 appointment toCircuit Unlicensed Practice of Law Committee 11Bin Miami, Florida President/CEO/CPA Company Name Jack Levine ,PA, CPA's Dates Employed 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs Location North Miami Beach, Florida Professionally qualified financial and accounting executive who for 30 years has been advising private companies and since 1999, public companies as an Independent Board Member and who has been acting as Chairman of the Board, Lead Director or Chairmain of the Audit Committee or Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In all my directorships, have promoted the voice of good Corporate Governance and Best Practices and maintained the highest standards of ethics. See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Master of Arts. Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 City University of New York-Hunter College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 84 endorsements for Finance 84 Finance Endorsed by Mike Landau and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Governance See 72 endorsements for Corporate Governance 72 Corporate Governance David Levine and 71 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 53 endorsements for Auditing 53 Auditing Endorsed by Jim Liggett, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Yusuf Azizullah Chairman Board of Directors July 8, 2013, Jack was a client of Yusuf’s Jack is a board member who brings financial expertise with Technology know who. Understanding the Pharma life cycle and how technology enables innovation is a rare find. I would be happy to recommend Jack for his services. Michael Lefkowitz President, ECS Business Services, Cost Containment/Utility Bill Auditing January 3, 2012, Jack was a client of Michael’s Michael is an expert in finding ways in cost saving methods andincreasing cash flow. He is a seasoned professional and I wouldhighly recommend him and ECS Business Services to increase your profit, enhance shareholder and enterprise value.All the best.Jack Levine CPA Accomplishments Interests Hunter College 91,812 followers NYC Bio 1,998 members Hubbley, LLC 18 followers Neuro-Zone 588 followers Loeb & Troper 701 followers The professional chairman & board member group 8,213 members See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account Joe Dowdy Principal at Lyceum Global Consulting Lyceum Global Consulting U.S. Army War College Chapel Hill, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Lyceum Global Consulting Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Cocoa Beach, Florida Chief of Staff Company Name NASA Kennedy Space Center Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Executive Director Company Name Navigator Development Group, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2004 – May 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Huntington Beach, CA Infantry Officer Company Name USMC Dates Employed 1979 – 2004 Employment Duration 25 yrs Marine officer Company Name United States Marine Corps Dates Employed 1979 – 2004 Employment Duration 25 yrs Education U.S. Army War College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Strategic Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Webster University Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Management and Human Resources Development Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 University of Mississippi Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Political Science and History Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Operational Planning See 106 endorsements for Operational Planning 99+ Operational Planning Endorsed by David Flynn, LtCol USMC Ret and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 57 of Joe’s colleagues at Marine Corps Recruiting Click and drag to reorder skills National Security See 102 endorsements for National Security 99+ National Security Endorsed by David Furness and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 56 of Joe’s colleagues at Marine Corps Recruiting Click and drag to reorder skills Military See 79 endorsements for Military 79 Military Endorsed by David Flynn, LtCol USMC Ret and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 39 of Joe’s colleagues at Marine Corps Recruiting Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mary Schmidt Engaged and reliable. March 28, 2010, Joe worked with Mary in different groups Mary is a highly professional and exceptionally well-qualified employee for United Space Alliance. She continually demonstrates exceptional initiative and judgment. She maintains outstanding professional relationships by performing as the consummate teammate. She also possesses excellent computer skills and has been called on numerious times to ensure her team's work is captured in various electronic forms and is always ready for presentation. I would always seek her service in any future enterprise. I provide my most enthusiastic recommendation to any organization who seeks only the best as their employees. Accomplishments Interests Webster University 103,026 followers Webster University 106,583 followers University of Mississippi 72,612 followers University of Mississippi 66,702 followers
More Actions David has a account David Brandt, CPA Chief Financial Officer, Owner BOWA George Mason University - School of Management Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail BOWA specializes in luxury renovations ranging from master suites and kitchens to whole-house and whole-condo remodels. For over 25 years, BOWA’s design build experts have been guiding clients through every step of the remodeling experience from the first thoughts of the project, throughout architecture and construction, and continuing through a lifetime of ownership. And, consistently, 97% of clients rate BOWA a 9 or a 10 when asked if they would recommend the company. BOWA’s commitment to customer service and industry-leading budget guarantee, schedule guarantee and warranty are among their reasons. With offices in McLean and Middleburg, Virginia, BOWA has won more than 170 awards for excellence and serves clients in Suburban Maryland, the District of Columbia, Northern Virginia and Virginia’s Hunt Country. For more information, visit www.bowa.com or call 703-734-9050. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow David’s Articles 658 followers Before and after remodeling highlights David Brandt, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 22, 2016 See 12 more articles Remodeling experts views on luxury renovation trends! David Brandt, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 21, 2016 Experience Chief Financial Officer, Owner Company Name BOWA Dates Employed Aug 1989 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 11 mos David has been with BOWA Builders since 1989, and an owner since 2001. He has held several different positions within the company, including Director of Operations and Chief Financial Officer. Currently David directs the day-to-day functions of the accounting and administrative departments, with particular emphasis on BOWA’s financial operations. David is a Certified Public Accountant, with a B.S. in Finance and a Post Baccalaureate Accounting Certificate from George Mason University’s School of Business. Executive Vice-President / Controller Company Name BOWA Builders, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1999 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 10 yrs 8 mos Experienced Senior Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Sep 1998 – Jul 1999 Employment Duration 11 mos David worked at Arthur Andersen in their Process Solutions and Business Consulting Group, with a primary focus on software implementation, optimization and business consulting for a variety of middle-market and Fortune 500 clients. Education George Mason University - School of Management Degree Name Post Baccalaureate Accounting Certificate Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 George Mason University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Volunteer Experience Treasurer Company Name Great Falls Rotary Dates volunteered Jul 2013 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 yr Featured Skills & Endorsements Construction See 25 endorsements for Construction 25 Construction Endorsed by Doug Horgan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at BOWA - Design Build Experts Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 25 endorsements for Strategic Planning 25 Strategic Planning David Scanlan, PMP and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Planning See 23 endorsements for Project Planning 23 Project Planning Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at BOWA - Design Build Experts Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Kathy Reddy Office Manager at Roof Top Services, LLC April 25, 2012, David managed Kathy directly Kathy's attention to detail, professionalism, heroic customer service and work ethic are all key qualities she possesses which made her an excellent and highly effective Accounting Manager. Any company would be extremely lucky to have Kathy on their staff. Lisa Witmer Regional Director at Jones Networking February 23, 2012, David was a client of Lisa’s Lisa is one of the best administrative and accounting recruiters in the Washington, DC metro area. She is able to consistently deliver the perfect candidate for any of our job openings. Our time is valuable, thus her ability to cull through all the resumes to find the one diamond in the rough has been invaluable. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant David has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Vistage Interests GREAT FALLS RESTON 1,226 members VIENNA 167 members George Mason University 156,754 followers Lean Construction Institute 18,726 members George Mason University - School of Business 14,858 followers National Association of the Remodeling Industry (NARI) 21,565 members See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Borg, CPA CPA / Investor / Tax Strategist The Borg Firm, PLLC Sonoma State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I’m a Partner with a local CPA firm offering a full range of tax, accounting, and consulting services at affordable fees. We’ll meet and prepare a custom tax strategy tailored to your situation so you pay the minimum tax required. I prepare business and personal tax returns with a Real Estate specialization. As a QuickBooks certified Proadvisor I can assist with business setup, bookkeeping and support. Specialties: Real Estate, Oil & Gas, Investors, Accounting, QuickBooks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA / Partner Company Name The Borg Firm, PLLC Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Services Provided:• Real Estate Taxation• Tax Strategies• Business Setup• IRA Taxation• Educator at various Real Estate Clubs CPA Company Name Nicholas & Montgomery Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Services Provided:• Real Estate Taxation• Tax Preparation• Tax Planning and Strategies• Teach QuickBooks Classes for Real Estate Investors• QuickBooks Advanced Certified ProAdvisor• Presenter at various Real Estate Clubs CPA Company Name Golden, Dellinges, & Redd Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Services Provided:• Tax preparation• Tax strategy• Business startup & setup• QuickBooks Advanced Certified ProAdvisor• Personal and business financial statement preparation• IRS tax problem resolution• Audit small to mid-sized business Audit Senior Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo • Performed audits of Fortune 500 public companies and privately held companies• Performed 10K and 10Q reporting• Audited financial statements to ensure SOX, GAAP, and Debt Covenant compliance• Worked in the Financial Services, Life Sciences, and Manufacturing industries Education Sonoma State University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Business; Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Student Government, Study Abroad Featured Skills & Endorsements GAAP See 40 endorsements for GAAP 40 GAAP Russell Harris, CISSP and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Brita Vinje, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Keith’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Keith’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (1) Ryan Kimura Multifamily, Student Housing, Private Equity, Syndications, O&G, SDIRAs & Other Alternative Assets March 4, 2013, Ryan worked with Keith but at different companies Keith is the ultimate professional. He is a knowledgeable CPA and someone you must consult with if you are a business owner. His commitment to his clients and business partners is second to none which makes him a valuable asset on anyone's team. Oscar Flamenco, CPA Property Accounting Manager at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. October 25, 2011, Keith worked with Oscar in the same group Keith and I worked in together on a large engagement that was complex and required long hours. Keith is always willing to go the extra mile to get the job done; he is meticulous in completing his assignments and is never hesitant to take on additional work, as he’s a real team player. His efforts were an integral part of our team being able to meet our audit deadline on time, and his ability to maintain an upbeat attitude during long hours helped to keep the whole team more engaged. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Ryan Kimura Multifamily, Student Housing, Private Equity, Syndications, O&G, SDIRAs & Other Alternative Assets February 28, 2013, Keith worked with Ryan but at different companies I routinely sent tax clients Ryan's way knowing that he was responsive, knowledgeable, and provided the best service in his industry. Ryan truly listened to and educated his clients regarding IRA setups and strategies. He's master at marketing and sales. Accomplishments Keith has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant QuickBooks Advanced Certified Proadvisor Interests Technical Accounting Questions 110,374 members Hoffman Kaliser & Messina, P.C. 62 followers Deloitte Employees and Alumni 54,975 members Quest IRA, Inc. 295 members The Uncensored Texas Real Estate Investing Member’s Group 730 members Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,996 members See all See all following
More Actions John A. has a account John A. Losurdo CPA. CSEP. Principal at John A. Losurdo P.C. CPA. CSEP. John A. Losurdo P.C. CPA. CSEP. DePaul University Greater Chicago Area 98 98 connections Send InMail I am a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Specialist in Estate Planning. I began my practice in 1986 with a business philosophy of building trust and safeguarding my clients interests. I am available to help business and individuals with their accounting, tax preparation, estate & trust planning, IRS problem resolutions, bookkeeping services [accounts payable, accounts receivable,and payrolls], incorporations & startup, and QuickBooks consulting. Being a leader in technical advances we are now able to offer to our clients net portal. This is an internet web base location for clients to be able to electronically store their documents, have a bookkeeping solutions and a source for reference material. "Business is great and I'm looking for more." Specialties: Estate Planning & Trusts Tax & Accounting Business Consulting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name John A. Losurdo P.C. CPA. CSEP. Education DePaul University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 5 endorsements for Accounting 5 Accounting Justin Lee and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Justin Lee and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 4 endorsements for Tax Preparation 4 Tax Preparation Justin Lee and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Matt Chaddock Owner, Natural Symmetry March 5, 2009, Matt was a client of John A.’s Matt Chaddock Owner, Natural Symmetry November 17, 2008, John A. was a client of Matt’s Accomplishments Interests DePaul University 155,909 followers DePaul University 150,169 followers
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Trojan, CPA Tax Strategies for Small Business Owners - Business Coach Flatiron Advisors Tax and Accounting University of Colorado Boulder Boulder, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I have over 25 years experience working directly with small business owners and providing business consulting, tax planning and financial coaching to business owners. Specialties: Tax preparation and tax and business planning for owners and shareholders of closely held businesses or individuals with complex tax planning needs. Industries of focus include veterinarians, dentists, and other health care providers. My firm also provides services including business bookkeeping, QuickBooks consulting and coaching. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Steve’s Activity 925 followers And then I started working for my dad’s business, and I was making … when I was 22 to 28, I was making 35 to 55 thousand dollars a year, but I had no expenses. I didn’t go on vacations. I didn’t buy fancy things. A lot of you think it’s just imperative to make 100,000 dollars from the start. You’re wrong. You have so much time. https://lnkd.in/dt4kpGn Steve liked I was having drinks with a very young, so far relatively successful businessman when one of his colleagues walked up to our table. He said, "This is Chris. Chris works for me." I cringed and gave him some perspective. Yes, I own a law firm. But nobody works for me. I would never introduce one of my colleagues as a person who works for me. In my view, that reveals a lack of basic human decency and insecurity. It's also entirely untrue in any legitimate venture. We all work together. We work for the cause; the mission; the clients. And, in reality, if anyone works for anyone else, it's me working for them. It's me working to create a better firm and a better culture. It's me working to be a better leader. It's me working to live up to and exceed their expectations. I'm inherently skeptical of the "everybody works for me" types. It's kind of a rookie thing to say. And besides: If you have to go around telling everyone in your company that you're the boss, then you obviously feel the issue is in doubt and you're not very secure in that being the truth. If you really conduct yourself like the boss, then everybody knows it and you don't need to go around saying it. Steve liked a comment Have you received an Illinois Request for Business Income or Loss Verification Notice? Earlier in 2017, the Illinois Department of Revenue has started sending these letters out to taxpayers. It appears Illinois is targeting taxpayers with sole proprietorship businesses running at a loss. Steve shared this Millennial businesses want more diverse services from accounting firms Steve liked a comment Why Tracking URLs Are So Important for Your Business Steve liked See all activity Experience Owner Company Name Flatiron Advisors Tax and Accounting Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boulder, CO Owner Company Name SMT & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 6 mos Location Crystal Lake, IL Full service tax and accounting firm specializing in closely held businesses Owner Company Name Complete Payroll, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Complete Payroll, Inc. is a payroll processing company offering live payroll processing including quartelry payroll reporting, tax payments, direct deposit, pay-as-you-go workers' comp and integrated retirement plans. Accounting Manager Company Name SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Dates Employed 1995 – 2000 Employment Duration 5 yrs Controller Company Name Boston Digital Dates Employed 1987 – 1995 Employment Duration 8 yrs See more positions Education University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 University of Colorado at Boulder Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 78 endorsements for Tax Preparation 78 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Joseph Conrad, EA, CTC and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steve’s colleagues at SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 64 endorsements for Small Business 64 Small Business Endorsed by Ron Souder and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steve’s colleagues at SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 61 endorsements for Tax 61 Tax Endorsed by Jon Neal, MST CPP and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Stephen Taylor Technology Consultant | CEO | Author of Technology Should Just Work | LeadingIT January 22, 2013, Steve was a client of Stephen’s I started using Stephen in 2012 after going through several IT people who could not figure out why I was having problems with my server and workstations. On the first visit to my office, one of his guys figured out a problem that perplexed several different consultants I had tried. Since then he has helped with improving the server and installing new desktops. Their knowledge is excellent, the staff is great, they respond quickly and I can trust what they recommend. I would definitely recommend Stephen and LeadingIT Solutions. Dale Smith Managing Director at WebWorX Ltd September 9, 2011, Steve was a client of Dale’s Just wanted to thank Dale for his help he recently provided on my website. Dale treated the project as important as all his others, provided quick support, good follow-up and the results I was looking for. Very knowledgeable and professional. I look forward to working with Dale again in the future. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Steve has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Steve has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Steve has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization VetPartners Interests SocialCPAs 4,798 members The Business Growth Strategies 14,165 members Small Business & Independent Consultant Network 39,512 members Veterinary Management 8,195 members Business Consulting Group: Management & Strategic Consultants | Certified Business Consultant (CBC) 59,728 members Coaching Zone 44,026 members See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Yu Tax Accountant at CBC Partners CBC Partners University of Technology, Sydney Sydney, Australia 141 141 connections Send InMail Michelle is a diligent tax accountant who has been working for three boutique Chartered Accountant firms in the past five years. She is capable of working both independently and closely with colleagues to complete the task at hand. She thrives in nurturing working environments where she is respected by fellow colleagues and offered opportunities to grow. Her current goal is to become a qualified Chartered Accountant, in which she has completed three modules (TAX, MGT, AUD) thus far. She is currently enrolled in FIN and has yet to complete CAP. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name CBC Partners Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Sydney, Australia Michelle's current responsibilities include:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals Tax Accountant Company Name Oracle Partners Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Sydney, Australia Oracle Partners is a boutique chartered accountancy and business advisory practice specialised in investment advice, tax return, planning and wealth creation strategy.During her time at Oracle, Michelle's responsibilities included:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals- Preparing income tax returns for self managed superannuation funds- Preparing business activity statements & installment activity statements for the quarter along with annual GST reconciliations at year end- Preparing PAYG summaries and forwarding to the ATO on clients' behalf- Registering clients for closely held concessions- Registering clients for self managed superannuation fund super stream gateway- Registering clients for GST on clients' behalf- Registering for land tax on clients' behalf- Registering clients for worker's compensation and preparing forms to be submitted to various insurance companies on clients' behalf- Setting up Banklink & MYOB cashbok authority forms on clients' behalf- Remittance of penalties and general interest charges and organizing payment arrangements with the ATO when instructed to on clients' behalf- Answering and assisting clients when prompted Media (1) This position has 1 media Oracle Partners Oracle Partners This media is a link Tax Accountant Company Name Jirsch Reilly Tang Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Sydney, Australia Jirsch Reilly Tang is a 3 partner firm with a committed attitude to providing outstanding client service, together with a "talk my language" approach to advice and a combination of professionalism, flexibility and friendliness when dealing with clients.During her time at JRT, Michelle's responsibilities included:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals- Preparing accounts for self managed superannuation funds (limited experience)- Preparing income tax returns for self managed superannuation funds - Preparing business activity statements & installment activity statements for the quarter along with annual GST reconciliations at year end- Preparing monthly payroll tax calculations and annual reconciliations - Preparing monthly super clearing house payments on clients' behalf- Preparing fringe benefit tax returns at 31 March year end- Preparing PAYG summaries and forwarding to the ATO on clients' behalf- Registering clients for closely held concessions- Registering clients for GST on clients' behalf- Registering for land tax on clients' behalf- Registering clients for worker's compensation and preparing forms to be submitted to various insurance companies on clients' behalf- Applying for Medicare levy exemption on clients' with 457 visas behalf- Applying for Departing Australia Superannuation payment on expatriates behalf- Setting up Banklink authority forms on clients' behalf- Performing intermediate auditing procedures under senior supervision out on various client sites- Checking and forwarding notices of assessment to clients- Remittance of penalties and general interest charges and organizing payment arrangements with the ATO when instructed to on clients' behalf- Bank deposits and reconciliation of clients' debtors ledger within firm- Answering and assisting clients when prompted Media (1) This position has 1 media Jirsch Reilly Tang Jirsch Reilly Tang This media is an image Education University of Technology, Sydney Degree Name Bachelor of Business Field Of Study Majoring in Accounting and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 UTS:INSEARCH Degree Name Diploma of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand Tax module: CompletedManagement module: CompletedAuditing module: In progressFinancial module: N/ACapstone module: N/A Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by Gerry Papas, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by Gerry Papas, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills MYOB See 5 endorsements for MYOB 5 MYOB Anthony Ly and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michelle has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests CBC Partners 102 followers UTS:INSEARCH 2,258 followers University of Technology Sydney 162,478 followers Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand 24,207 followers University of Technology Sydney 150,923 followers Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand 51,628 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristine has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kristine Gutierrez, CPA Certified Public Accountant Deloitte Bicol University United Arab Emirates 394 394 connections InMail A Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with more than nine (9) years of experience in tax compliance review, tax reporting, tax planning and restructuring engagements for various companies (i.e., oil and gas, banks, real estate, manufacturing, trading/merchandising, service enterprises, etc.). Familiar with the financial reporting process of the companies handled, including preparation and recording of entries, preparation and analysis of periodic financial reports and preparation of financial reports required by government agencies. Familiar with the financial reporting process of the companies handled, including preparation and recording of entries, preparation and analysis of periodic financial reports and preparation of financial reports required by government agencies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Qatar  Participate in business tax compliance & advisory engagements Build new and existing client relationships and demonstrate knowledge of client business Assist in preparing reports and schedules that will be delivered to clients and other parties Handles research on tax issues, prepares written communications and advise to clients on tax matters Prepares or reviews income tax returns for complex organizations in diverse and specialized industries;  Identify tax savings and risk reducing opportunities for consideration and implementation;  Prepares or reviews the statutory accounts for a domestic or foreign client; and  Prepares estimated tax liabilities to assist the client in meeting its tax payment obligations. Tax Accountant II Company Name Chevron Philippines Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos  Handles yearly BIR audits and assessments Handles BOC audits and assessments Handles Local Tax audits and assessments Coordinate with local government units regarding local tax matters Address tax accounting requirements by the various business units Prepare / Process local or municipal government tax payments (e.g. real property tax, local business tax) Check and monitor tax returns to ensure timely filing and payment.  Proactively liaise with concerned business units to raise incidents on system limitations and/or improve business process; Monitor and attend to issues affecting tax accounts. Tax Officer Company Name Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Makati City, Philippines  Handles requirements during Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) examination and reconcile tax audit assessments  Conducts Banking Taxation Seminars to the Branch’s employees  Handles annual financial reporting and taxation audit of the Branch  Handles tax advisory on taxation queries of internal clients  Conducts taxation initiatives for the improvement of tax processes  Reviews tax aspects of major contracts specifically ISDA and other customer /supplier contracts  Involved in dealing with the identification of tax implications of cross –border transactions of the Branch and its Head Office or other affiliates  Prepares and reviews income tax and other tax returns  Disseminates tax alerts and updates to Management Senior Associate Company Name SGV & Co. Dates Employed Dec 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos  Responsible for supervising the tax audit and ensures quality in delivering client services by directing daily progress of fieldwork and informing managers of engagement status.  Reviews the work of staff to ensure that work is complete, technically accurate, properly performed, and adequately documented with exceptions and differences appropriately addressed Aids clients in identifying tax issues which are critical during the BIR tax assessment. Consequently, prepares the tax review memorandum/ tax reports to clients for the improvement of their tax practices Evaluate the client’s tax compliance in order to identify weaknesses and other areas for improvement, management consideration as well as develop and communicate to client constructive suggestions to improve on their tax practices Demontrates a thorough understanding of increasingly complex accounting concepts and discusses moderately complex accounting and tax issues with staff and client tax personnel Education Bicol University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Ateneo Graduate School of Business Degree Name Standard Masters in Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Bicol University Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Jubie Alquiza B. and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 4 endorsements for Financial Reporting 4 Financial Reporting Bon Cedrick Doroja, CPA and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Bon Cedrick Doroja, CPA and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kristine has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests LMTD 6,488 followers PICPA - Philippines 3,477 members Averda 101,022 followers Tax Planning & Compliance (ALA) 22,918 members Chief Financial Officer - CFO 121,300 members Ayala Land, Inc. 39,788 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriel has a account Gabriel Gonzalez, EA Tax Manager at Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. College of Staten Island CUNY Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a Licensed IRS Enrolled Agent. I have over 6 years working primarily in taxes and bookkeeping write up. I am currently studying to Pass my CPA exam. My objective is to network in hopes to work for a company where I can practice my current skills as well as learn, growth and develop in Taxes and Accounting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location New York, NY Managed a Staff of two Staff Accountants and one Admin.Reviewed Tax Returns and Bookkeeping work for Staff Accountants and advised staff onchanges to be made.Developed in House Training program for Tax Preparation including drafting my own trainingManuals and Workbooks.Conducted in house Seminars on 2015 Tax Updates and ACA Provisions.Management of firm’s workflow and oversaw Staff Accountants work to make sure work wascompleted in an efficient and timely manner.Provided Tax Consultation with Clients in Person and over the phone.Reviewed and handled correspondences between Federal and State Tax Authority with respectsto Tax Notices and Abatements.Interviewed prospects in filling in positions for Admin and Staff Accounting Positions.Assisted in Preparation of Tax Returns.Assisted with Processing of Client Payroll and filings of 941’s, and NYS 45.Assisted with Processing of Sales Tax Returns and necessary Sales Tax PrePayments. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Raich Ende Malter & Co., LLP (Resigned for Tax Manager Position) Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Prepared High Net Worth Personal Tax Returns.Prepared Business & Rental Tax Returns.Experience inputting PTP K1’s into Personal Tax Returns.Experience in preparing from Start to Finish FBAR Voluntary Disclosure Program, including allamended tax returns and working with the client in completion of program documentation,calculation of the offshore penalty & Statement of Foreign Financial Assets.Prepared an open items list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on itemsunclear in the tax organizer. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Tanton & Company CPA LLP Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, New York Prepared High Net Worth Personal Tax Returns.Prepared Business & Rental Tax Returns.Prepared Trust & Gift Tax Returns.Prepared NYC Commercial Rent Tax Return.Experience inputting PTP K-1’s into Personal & Trust Tax Returns.Experience in preparing 5500 for Pension plans and completing write up work.Experience in preparing from Start to Finish FBAR Voluntary Disclosure Program, including all amended tax returns and working with the client in completion of program documentation ,calculation of the offshore penalty & Statement of Foreign Financial Assets.Prepared an open items list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on items unclear in the tax organizer.Conducted tax research on tax topics.Prepared write up on QuickBooks& Excel from client bank statements & Brokerage Accounts.Reviewing Tax Notices and Writing correspondences to Federal and / or State Tax Authorities.Conducted Tax Projections through BNA Tax Projection Software for estimated tax purposes. Tax Accountant / Jr. Auditor (Seasonal) Company Name William Greene & Co., LLP Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Katonah NY Tax Accountant / Jr. Auditor Prepared Business and Personal Tax Returns. Prepared an open points list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on items unclear in the tax organizer. Conducted tax research on tax topics. Assisted Partner in updating current year tax organizer. Prepared write up on QuickBooks from client bank statements. Flown to Chicago twice to do Audits on major Taxi and Leasing Company with team members. Performed Audits on Cash Accounts, Loans Receivables and Lease Receivables. Performed Alternative Procedure testing on Loans Receivables and Lease Receivables. Prepared and Maintained Audit work papers with making appropriate tick marks. Responsible in keeping track and maintaining confirm control list for confirmations received for Loans Receivable. Calculated Tolerable Misstatements for determining Materiality in order to make selections from Loans Receivable General Ledger for testing. Kept track of billable time with clients using Prosystems time entry. Assisted with minor administrative office tasks based on business needs. Tax Reviewer / Accountant Company Name Harold Zoref LLP Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Tax Reviewer / AccountantReviewed Business and Personal Tax Returns. Prepared review comment sheets to provide accountants with feedback on items that warranted questioning during review process of tax returns.Made recommendations to Accountants towards applying tax rules that saved clients tax dollars.Conducted tax research on tax topics.Prepared Business, personal tax returns and made reasonable inquiries to clients.Made inquiries to clients on possible overlooked deductions during the preparation process.Kept track of billable time with clients using Prosystems time entry. Prepared bill requests for management approval.Assisted with minor administrative office tasks based on business needs. See more positions Education College of Staten Island CUNY Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 63 endorsements for Accounting 63 Accounting Endorsed by Paula Eppolito and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 56 endorsements for Tax 56 Tax Endorsed by Todd Andreff, EA., and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 41 endorsements for QuickBooks 41 QuickBooks Endorsed by Anna Kroner and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Marks Paneth LLP 4,236 followers F. Greek Development 626 followers CPA Alert 787 members Pace Gallery 8,716 followers Solomon Page 64,456 followers See all See all following
More Actions LATOYA has a account LATOYA PHILLIPS Senior Tax Accountant at Netflix Netflix Santa Clara University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Netflix Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Los Gatos, CA Assistant Track Coach Company Name Archbishop Mitty High School Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location San Jose, CA Hurdles, Jumps, Sprints, Throws, and not in that order! Accountant Company Name Penske Automotive, Inc Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Petrinovich Pugh & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Education Santa Clara University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 44 endorsements for Accounting 44 Accounting Endorsed by Pam Brar, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 28 endorsements for Financial Reporting 28 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 9 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 22 endorsements for QuickBooks 22 QuickBooks Endorsed by 6 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Thao Strickland, CPA Manager at Petrinovich Pugh & Company, LLP September 6, 2011, Thao managed LATOYA directly Latoya had a great and positive attitude! She worked hard to learn what she didn't know and was a great team player! Jennifer Truong Accounts Payable Accountant at FireEye, Inc. January 30, 2013, LATOYA worked with Jennifer in different groups Jennifer is reliable, efficient, and a very hard worker. It was a pleasure to work with her. Dinah Martinez-Warren Senior AP Specialist Open to New Opportunities April 30, 2012, LATOYA worked with Dinah in different groups Dinah is a very hard worker and also very reliable. She is a problem solver and completes projects efficiently and accurately. She is an absolute pleasure to work with! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Santa Clara University 76,039 followers Netflix Black Employee Network 24 members Netflix 450,480 followers Archbishop Mitty High School 527 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Santa Clara University 73,613 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Yu Tax Accountant at CBC Partners CBC Partners University of Technology, Sydney Sydney, Australia 141 141 connections Send InMail Michelle is a diligent tax accountant who has been working for three boutique Chartered Accountant firms in the past five years. She is capable of working both independently and closely with colleagues to complete the task at hand. She thrives in nurturing working environments where she is respected by fellow colleagues and offered opportunities to grow. Her current goal is to become a qualified Chartered Accountant, in which she has completed three modules (TAX, MGT, AUD) thus far. She is currently enrolled in FIN and has yet to complete CAP. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name CBC Partners Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Sydney, Australia Michelle's current responsibilities include:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals Tax Accountant Company Name Oracle Partners Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Sydney, Australia Oracle Partners is a boutique chartered accountancy and business advisory practice specialised in investment advice, tax return, planning and wealth creation strategy.During her time at Oracle, Michelle's responsibilities included:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals- Preparing income tax returns for self managed superannuation funds- Preparing business activity statements & installment activity statements for the quarter along with annual GST reconciliations at year end- Preparing PAYG summaries and forwarding to the ATO on clients' behalf- Registering clients for closely held concessions- Registering clients for self managed superannuation fund super stream gateway- Registering clients for GST on clients' behalf- Registering for land tax on clients' behalf- Registering clients for worker's compensation and preparing forms to be submitted to various insurance companies on clients' behalf- Setting up Banklink & MYOB cashbok authority forms on clients' behalf- Remittance of penalties and general interest charges and organizing payment arrangements with the ATO when instructed to on clients' behalf- Answering and assisting clients when prompted Media (1) This position has 1 media Oracle Partners Oracle Partners This media is a link Tax Accountant Company Name Jirsch Reilly Tang Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Sydney, Australia Jirsch Reilly Tang is a 3 partner firm with a committed attitude to providing outstanding client service, together with a "talk my language" approach to advice and a combination of professionalism, flexibility and friendliness when dealing with clients.During her time at JRT, Michelle's responsibilities included:- Preparing accounts, year end adjusting journals and income tax returns for small sized companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals- Preparing accounts for self managed superannuation funds (limited experience)- Preparing income tax returns for self managed superannuation funds - Preparing business activity statements & installment activity statements for the quarter along with annual GST reconciliations at year end- Preparing monthly payroll tax calculations and annual reconciliations - Preparing monthly super clearing house payments on clients' behalf- Preparing fringe benefit tax returns at 31 March year end- Preparing PAYG summaries and forwarding to the ATO on clients' behalf- Registering clients for closely held concessions- Registering clients for GST on clients' behalf- Registering for land tax on clients' behalf- Registering clients for worker's compensation and preparing forms to be submitted to various insurance companies on clients' behalf- Applying for Medicare levy exemption on clients' with 457 visas behalf- Applying for Departing Australia Superannuation payment on expatriates behalf- Setting up Banklink authority forms on clients' behalf- Performing intermediate auditing procedures under senior supervision out on various client sites- Checking and forwarding notices of assessment to clients- Remittance of penalties and general interest charges and organizing payment arrangements with the ATO when instructed to on clients' behalf- Bank deposits and reconciliation of clients' debtors ledger within firm- Answering and assisting clients when prompted Media (1) This position has 1 media Jirsch Reilly Tang Jirsch Reilly Tang This media is an image Education University of Technology, Sydney Degree Name Bachelor of Business Field Of Study Majoring in Accounting and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 UTS:INSEARCH Degree Name Diploma of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand Tax module: CompletedManagement module: CompletedAuditing module: In progressFinancial module: N/ACapstone module: N/A Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by Gerry Papas, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by Gerry Papas, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills MYOB See 5 endorsements for MYOB 5 MYOB Anthony Ly and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michelle has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests CBC Partners 102 followers UTS:INSEARCH 2,258 followers Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand 24,207 followers University of Technology Sydney 150,923 followers Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand 51,628 followers University of Technology Sydney 162,478 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristine has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kristine Gutierrez, CPA Certified Public Accountant Deloitte Bicol University United Arab Emirates 394 394 connections InMail A Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with more than nine (9) years of experience in tax compliance review, tax reporting, tax planning and restructuring engagements for various companies (i.e., oil and gas, banks, real estate, manufacturing, trading/merchandising, service enterprises, etc.). Familiar with the financial reporting process of the companies handled, including preparation and recording of entries, preparation and analysis of periodic financial reports and preparation of financial reports required by government agencies. Familiar with the financial reporting process of the companies handled, including preparation and recording of entries, preparation and analysis of periodic financial reports and preparation of financial reports required by government agencies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Qatar  Participate in business tax compliance & advisory engagements Build new and existing client relationships and demonstrate knowledge of client business Assist in preparing reports and schedules that will be delivered to clients and other parties Handles research on tax issues, prepares written communications and advise to clients on tax matters Prepares or reviews income tax returns for complex organizations in diverse and specialized industries;  Identify tax savings and risk reducing opportunities for consideration and implementation;  Prepares or reviews the statutory accounts for a domestic or foreign client; and  Prepares estimated tax liabilities to assist the client in meeting its tax payment obligations. Tax Accountant II Company Name Chevron Philippines Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos  Handles yearly BIR audits and assessments Handles BOC audits and assessments Handles Local Tax audits and assessments Coordinate with local government units regarding local tax matters Address tax accounting requirements by the various business units Prepare / Process local or municipal government tax payments (e.g. real property tax, local business tax) Check and monitor tax returns to ensure timely filing and payment.  Proactively liaise with concerned business units to raise incidents on system limitations and/or improve business process; Monitor and attend to issues affecting tax accounts. Tax Officer Company Name Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Makati City, Philippines  Handles requirements during Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) examination and reconcile tax audit assessments  Conducts Banking Taxation Seminars to the Branch’s employees  Handles annual financial reporting and taxation audit of the Branch  Handles tax advisory on taxation queries of internal clients  Conducts taxation initiatives for the improvement of tax processes  Reviews tax aspects of major contracts specifically ISDA and other customer /supplier contracts  Involved in dealing with the identification of tax implications of cross –border transactions of the Branch and its Head Office or other affiliates  Prepares and reviews income tax and other tax returns  Disseminates tax alerts and updates to Management Senior Associate Company Name SGV & Co. Dates Employed Dec 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos  Responsible for supervising the tax audit and ensures quality in delivering client services by directing daily progress of fieldwork and informing managers of engagement status.  Reviews the work of staff to ensure that work is complete, technically accurate, properly performed, and adequately documented with exceptions and differences appropriately addressed Aids clients in identifying tax issues which are critical during the BIR tax assessment. Consequently, prepares the tax review memorandum/ tax reports to clients for the improvement of their tax practices Evaluate the client’s tax compliance in order to identify weaknesses and other areas for improvement, management consideration as well as develop and communicate to client constructive suggestions to improve on their tax practices Demontrates a thorough understanding of increasingly complex accounting concepts and discusses moderately complex accounting and tax issues with staff and client tax personnel Education Bicol University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Ateneo Graduate School of Business Degree Name Standard Masters in Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Bicol University Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Jubie Alquiza B. and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 4 endorsements for Financial Reporting 4 Financial Reporting Bon Cedrick Doroja, CPA and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Bon Cedrick Doroja, CPA and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kristine has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Nestlé 2,187,573 followers Xerox 686,490 followers Damas Jewellery LLC 37,246 followers Microsoft 3,763,313 followers HP 2,463,476 followers MITSUBISHI MOTORS MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA FZE 3,478 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriel has a account Gabriel Gonzalez, EA Tax Manager at Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. College of Staten Island CUNY Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a Licensed IRS Enrolled Agent. I have over 6 years working primarily in taxes and bookkeeping write up. I am currently studying to Pass my CPA exam. My objective is to network in hopes to work for a company where I can practice my current skills as well as learn, growth and develop in Taxes and Accounting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Colella Accounting Group, CPA, P.C. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location New York, NY Managed a Staff of two Staff Accountants and one Admin.Reviewed Tax Returns and Bookkeeping work for Staff Accountants and advised staff onchanges to be made.Developed in House Training program for Tax Preparation including drafting my own trainingManuals and Workbooks.Conducted in house Seminars on 2015 Tax Updates and ACA Provisions.Management of firm’s workflow and oversaw Staff Accountants work to make sure work wascompleted in an efficient and timely manner.Provided Tax Consultation with Clients in Person and over the phone.Reviewed and handled correspondences between Federal and State Tax Authority with respectsto Tax Notices and Abatements.Interviewed prospects in filling in positions for Admin and Staff Accounting Positions.Assisted in Preparation of Tax Returns.Assisted with Processing of Client Payroll and filings of 941’s, and NYS 45.Assisted with Processing of Sales Tax Returns and necessary Sales Tax PrePayments. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Raich Ende Malter & Co., LLP (Resigned for Tax Manager Position) Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Prepared High Net Worth Personal Tax Returns.Prepared Business & Rental Tax Returns.Experience inputting PTP K1’s into Personal Tax Returns.Experience in preparing from Start to Finish FBAR Voluntary Disclosure Program, including allamended tax returns and working with the client in completion of program documentation,calculation of the offshore penalty & Statement of Foreign Financial Assets.Prepared an open items list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on itemsunclear in the tax organizer. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Tanton & Company CPA LLP Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, New York Prepared High Net Worth Personal Tax Returns.Prepared Business & Rental Tax Returns.Prepared Trust & Gift Tax Returns.Prepared NYC Commercial Rent Tax Return.Experience inputting PTP K-1’s into Personal & Trust Tax Returns.Experience in preparing 5500 for Pension plans and completing write up work.Experience in preparing from Start to Finish FBAR Voluntary Disclosure Program, including all amended tax returns and working with the client in completion of program documentation ,calculation of the offshore penalty & Statement of Foreign Financial Assets.Prepared an open items list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on items unclear in the tax organizer.Conducted tax research on tax topics.Prepared write up on QuickBooks& Excel from client bank statements & Brokerage Accounts.Reviewing Tax Notices and Writing correspondences to Federal and / or State Tax Authorities.Conducted Tax Projections through BNA Tax Projection Software for estimated tax purposes. Tax Accountant / Jr. Auditor (Seasonal) Company Name William Greene & Co., LLP Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Katonah NY Tax Accountant / Jr. Auditor Prepared Business and Personal Tax Returns. Prepared an open points list on missing items by comparing prior year returns and on items unclear in the tax organizer. Conducted tax research on tax topics. Assisted Partner in updating current year tax organizer. Prepared write up on QuickBooks from client bank statements. Flown to Chicago twice to do Audits on major Taxi and Leasing Company with team members. Performed Audits on Cash Accounts, Loans Receivables and Lease Receivables. Performed Alternative Procedure testing on Loans Receivables and Lease Receivables. Prepared and Maintained Audit work papers with making appropriate tick marks. Responsible in keeping track and maintaining confirm control list for confirmations received for Loans Receivable. Calculated Tolerable Misstatements for determining Materiality in order to make selections from Loans Receivable General Ledger for testing. Kept track of billable time with clients using Prosystems time entry. Assisted with minor administrative office tasks based on business needs. Tax Reviewer / Accountant Company Name Harold Zoref LLP Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Tax Reviewer / AccountantReviewed Business and Personal Tax Returns. Prepared review comment sheets to provide accountants with feedback on items that warranted questioning during review process of tax returns.Made recommendations to Accountants towards applying tax rules that saved clients tax dollars.Conducted tax research on tax topics.Prepared Business, personal tax returns and made reasonable inquiries to clients.Made inquiries to clients on possible overlooked deductions during the preparation process.Kept track of billable time with clients using Prosystems time entry. Prepared bill requests for management approval.Assisted with minor administrative office tasks based on business needs. See more positions Education College of Staten Island CUNY Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 63 endorsements for Accounting 63 Accounting Endorsed by Paula Eppolito and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 56 endorsements for Tax 56 Tax Endorsed by Todd Andreff, EA., and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 41 endorsements for QuickBooks 41 QuickBooks Endorsed by Anna Kroner and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Manhattan Professional Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Crane Co. 14,889 followers Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members Diesel 128,728 followers Pace Gallery 8,716 followers F. Greek Development 626 followers Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. 1,184 followers See all See all following
More Actions LATOYA has a account LATOYA PHILLIPS Senior Tax Accountant at Netflix Netflix Santa Clara University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Netflix Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Los Gatos, CA Assistant Track Coach Company Name Archbishop Mitty High School Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location San Jose, CA Hurdles, Jumps, Sprints, Throws, and not in that order! Accountant Company Name Penske Automotive, Inc Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Petrinovich Pugh & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Education Santa Clara University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 44 endorsements for Accounting 44 Accounting Endorsed by Pam Brar, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 28 endorsements for Financial Reporting 28 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 9 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 22 endorsements for QuickBooks 22 QuickBooks Endorsed by 6 of LATOYA’S colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Thao Strickland, CPA Manager at Petrinovich Pugh & Company, LLP September 6, 2011, Thao managed LATOYA directly Latoya had a great and positive attitude! She worked hard to learn what she didn't know and was a great team player! Jennifer Truong Accounts Payable Accountant at FireEye, Inc. January 30, 2013, LATOYA worked with Jennifer in different groups Jennifer is reliable, efficient, and a very hard worker. It was a pleasure to work with her. Dinah Martinez-Warren Senior AP Specialist Open to New Opportunities April 30, 2012, LATOYA worked with Dinah in different groups Dinah is a very hard worker and also very reliable. She is a problem solver and completes projects efficiently and accurately. She is an absolute pleasure to work with! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Netflix 450,480 followers Santa Clara University 76,039 followers LinkedIn 2,169,225 followers Archbishop Mitty High School 527 followers Santa Clara University 73,613 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeffrey Mathews, CPA has a account Jeffrey Mathews, CPA , MBA I provide CPA services to autism service clinics! The Missing Piece, Inc. McNeese State University Lake Charles, Louisiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Helping small businesses grow and improve since 2003, when I became a licensed Certified Public Accountant in Louisiana. Been working with small business owners since 1997 when I entered the public accounting industry handling QuickBooks consulting engagements, income taxes, financial statements, and more. Look to continue expansion with our services and products for the small business market. Specialties: Small Business Advisory, Business Strategy and Improvement Techniques. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jeffrey Mathews, CPA’S Articles & Activity 960 followers 4 ways to grow a business: Jeffrey Mathews, CPA , MBA on LinkedIn See all articles Does the child care tax credit apply to you? - Summer has arrived, and that means it is summer camp time. Watch this short video to see what camps may help you claim a tax credit. Jeffrey Mathews, CPA shared this Thinking of Tossing Old Tax Records? Read This First. - Article Highlights: Reasons to Keep Records Statute of Limitations Maintaining Records of Asset Basis Keeping Records for Carryforward Losses Now that your taxes have been completed for 2016, you are probably wondering which old records can be discarded. If you are like most taxpayers, you have records from years ago that you are afraid to throw away. It would be helpful to understand why the records must be kept in the first place... Jeffrey Mathews, CPA shared this Fun day at AICPA ENGAGE! Great sessions and conversations Jeffrey Mathews, CPA liked See all activity Experience Executive Director / ABA Clinic provider Company Name The Missing Piece, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location 318 E. Elizabeth St, Sulphur, LA 70663 The Missing Piece, Inc. is a not for profit agency providing ABA Services for autism in West Calcasieu from Sulphur, LA. I take great pride in my involvement with this clinic. Please help me spread the word about autism awareness, and the ability for ABA services to improve the lives of autistic children, and those around them. To find out more, visit us at www.autismswla.org or call 337-436-6488. Oil Spill Finance Management Company Name Mathews Consulting Group, LLC - Sulphur, Louisiana Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Sulphur, Louisiana Our company assists on emergency spill response situations where our telecommunications, logistics, and finance expertise is needed. Our personnel have participated in drills, and major events since 1991. We have been the comms lead on the world's largest oil spill and have over 20 years experience in the oil spill response industry. Senior Business Advisor Company Name Jeffrey B. Mathews, CPA, LLC - Louisiana Small Business CPAs Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 6 mos Location Sulphur, LA Louisiana based CPA firm providing business and advisory services to small and medium sized companies across Southwest Louisiana and Southeast Texas. We provide outsourced accounting services, payroll, business tax planning and preparation. We also offer strategic coaching and advice. Staff Accountant Company Name Global Industries, Ltd Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 12 mos Form 10-Q support, tax research, account analysis, helped prepare monthly management report to Vice Presidents consolidating 13 entities. Education McNeese State University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 McNeese State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Volunteer Experience Executive Director Company Name The Missing Piece, Inc. - ABA for Autism Dates volunteered Dec 2013 – Dec 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Donate time and resources to helping children with autism. Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 72 endorsements for Small Business 72 Small Business Endorsed by Craig Carr and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 53 endorsements for Accounting 53 Accounting Endorsed by Dario Zanichelli, CPA, CGMA and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 47 endorsements for Income Tax 47 Income Tax Endorsed by Chris Mervine and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Derenda Grubb Retirement is Finally ACCEPTED as Next Step! December 26, 2012, Derenda was a client of Jeffrey Mathews, CPA’S I needed an individual who was a knowledgeable CPA/expert in Louisiana Tax Laws, etc. to field questions from my clients on how they might be expect Tax Laws to impact their income and cost of living if they decided to move to our area. I try NOT to answer questions I am NOT licensed to answer, BUT I do try to locate the BEST Individual for this task; thus Jeff was the first person I asked years ago to work with me and have been honored that he has agreed to do so. I have enclosed his Pamphlets and business cards in my relocation packet since then. Measures were not taken to track the number of individuals actually contacting Jeff, so a factual head count does not exist. I have experienced how thorough Jeff is, when conducting his work; plus clients have thanked me for recommending someone Professional, Knowledgeable, and Personable such as Jeff. It helps MY clients to feel comfortable about their Facts when entering into unchartered territory from multiple sources and meeting valuable service providers they will need in the future before their arrival or in some cases, prior to departure. Holly Vonnes Sales Rep. at Oakley October 12, 2009, Holly worked with Jeffrey Mathews, CPA but at different companies Jeff is a very progressive accountant and business advisor. He's extremely enthusiastic about his work and uses some of the most cutting edge technologies available for his practice and his clients. As an individual, he truly cares about helping his clients succeed and can clearly see the core issues one may be facing and easily identify areas of improvement. I certainly would recommend him for any business owners (and individuals alike) who are looking for a CPA or a business advisor who can help improve their profitability and work with them to solve day to day problems as well work on their long term business and personal financial goals. Derenda Grubb Retirement is Finally ACCEPTED as Next Step! January 4, 2013, Jeffrey Mathews, CPA was a client of Derenda’s Derenda is an excellent agent, very knowledgeable about real estate in the Southwest Louisiana area for both commercial and residential. I recommend to all of my clients needing a real estate agent to contact her. I think her record and ethical standards speak for themselves. Todd Steinberg Coaching Accounting & Tax Professionals To Help Grow Their Practices Both Organically And Through Strategic Alliances. August 15, 2011, Jeffrey Mathews, CPA was a client of Todd’s If you are an accountant looking to build a CPA, or accounting practice. I highly recommend contacting Todd to discuss how the team at NCI can help with their knowledge and programs.... NCI services is not one size fits all, but Todd can take you through the process and help determine if their service is right for you.... Todd has high integrity and that says a lot during these recessionary times... View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jeffrey Mathews, CPA has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification certified public accountant Jeffrey Mathews, CPA has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Professional Association of Small Business Accountants Jeffrey Mathews, CPA has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Six Steps to Small Business Success - Contributing Author Interests Entrepreneurs HQ: Digital Marketing Small Business Startups Social Media Mobile SEO SEM Startup Jobs 176,200 members Lake Charles Business Chamber 545 members CGI Staffing Solutions, Inc. 213 followers N2 Publishing 40,307 followers U.S. Small Business Administration 21,941 followers Intuit 137,082 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Johnson Financial Cetera Advisors Network LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC CFNI North Canton, Ohio 50 50 connections Send InMail Securities and investment advisory services offered through Cetera Advisors Network LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC. Cetera Advisors Network LLC & Christian Financial Designs are not affiliated. Registered branch address: 6657 Frank Ave NW, Suite 310 North Canton, OH 44720 Tel (330) 490-2800 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Certified Financial Planner Company Name Cetera Advisors Network LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Tax Preparation & EA Company Name Christian Financial Designs Dates Employed Jan 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 6 mos Education CFNI Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Bridget Patesel, CISR Senior Account Executive at Smith-Reiss Agency January 25, 2013, David was a client of Bridget’s Excellent service provider for your insurance needs! Not only competitive premium rates, but multiple insurance companies to choose from at Smith-Reiss. Bridget has been more than helpful in analyzing, discussing, and providing insurance coverage for home & auto. She is very knowledgable & very responsive (timely). Thanks! Accomplishments Interests Cetera Advisor Networks LLC 2,342 followers
More Actions Gail has a account Gail Perry, CPA Editor-in-Chief, CPA Practice Advisor magazine at Cygnus Business Media Cygnus Business Media Illinois State University Indianapolis, Indiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Editor-in-Chief at CPA Practice Advisor magazine, a print and online magazine that provides news and commentary as well as insights on technology solutions to help members of the accounting profession grow and succeed in their practices. Until December 2013, publisher at Sift Media US and Editor-in-Chief at AccountingWEB.com, a daily online news source for accounting professionals and those interested in the accounting profession. Other writing experience: * Author of 30+ books about taxes, personal finances, spreadsheets, and financial software, including: -- "QuickBooks 2014 on Demand" (with Michelle Long) -- "Mint.com For Dummies" (with Matt Krantz) -- "Excel 2007 Macros Made Easy" -- "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Doing Your Income Taxes" -- "TurboTax; The Official Guide" -- "Quicken All-in-One Desk Reference for Dummies" -- "Surviving Financial Downsizing: A Practical Guide to Living Well on Less Income." -- "TurboTax for Dummies" * Instructor of online personal financial planning course offered through Education2Go - 7 years (www.ed2go.com) at more than 2,000 colleges and adult education facilities across North America. * Contributing Editor, Accounting Today magazine, 5 years * Tax columnist, The Indianapoils Star newspaper, 5 years Public accounting experience: * Deloitte - Chicago tax department, 3 years, specializing in multi-state corporate taxation * Blue & Co., Indianapolis - tax department - 5 years, individual and corporate taxation * Geo. S. Olive & Co., Indianapolis (now BKD) - 5 years - Tax accountant specializing in multi-state corporate issues; Supervisor of Software Education Indiana CPA Society - Software instructor (Microsoft and Intuit products), 10 years Member: AICPA, AICPA Taskforce for the Women's Initiatives Committee See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Gail’s Articles & Activity 1,823 followers Tax Season: Go Be a Hero Gail Perry, CPA on LinkedIn See 1 more article Accountant Connect was honored this week with a 2017 CPA Practice Advisor Tax and Accounting Technology Innovation Award. I attended the reception and ceremony at the California Accounting & Business Show in Los Angeles to accept the award. I'm so proud of the team that built this solution and it's great to see thousands of CPAs and clients already using it, providing incredibly positive feedback. Thank you CPA Practice Advisor, Gail Perry, CPA and everyone who voted for us: http://bit.ly/2rLpXH8. Gail liked See all activity Experience Editor-in-Chief, CPA Practice Advisor magazine Company Name Cygnus Business Media Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Detroit Area Publisher Company Name Sift Media US Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Editor-in-Chief, AccountingWEB.com Company Name Sift Media US Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Instructor: Personal Financial Planning Company Name Education2Go/Cengage Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Managing Editor Company Name AccountingWEB.com at Sift Media Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Dec 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos See more positions Education Illinois State University Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1978 Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name BA Field Of Study Journalism, English Dates attended or expected graduation 1969 – 1975 Activities and Societies: * Minors in Music and Computer Science * Indiana Daily Student: Music critic, staff writer, Associate Editor of weekend magazine * Performed with: Belles of Indiana, Indiana University Symphonic Band, Bloomington Symphony Orchestra William Fremd High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1965 – 1969 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 106 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Randy Johnston and 26 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gail’s colleagues at Cygnus Business Media Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 102 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Eva Rosenberg, EA and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gail’s colleagues at Cygnus Business Media Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 79 endorsements for QuickBooks 79 QuickBooks Endorsed by Dawn W. Brolin, CPA, MSA and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gail’s colleagues at Cygnus Business Media Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Rob Nance Marketing Management at Nationwide Financial May 30, 2017, Gail worked with Rob in the same group Gail is an outstanding Editor-in-Chief who delivers results. A consummate professional, Gail's skills and experience are first-rate, making a very positive impact in all that she does. William Grabarek Senior Editor at Paybefore February 23, 2012, Gail managed William directly Bill is a skilled writer and editor who brought an exceptional level of ability and professionalism to his job as managing editor for AccountingWEB. Our company is a better place for having had Bill as a member of the team. Mark Lloydbottom Consultant to Accounting Firms April 28, 2009, Gail worked with Mark in different groups I've known Mark for nearly a decade, and in that time have found him to be consistently professional, thorough, thoughtful, and dedicated to whatever projects he undertakes. Whether he is leading a business, aiding his clients, working together with colleagues, or writing, he doesn't waver from being kind, caring, and a thought leader. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Gail has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2014 Most Powerful Women in Accounting 2013 Most Powerful Women in Accounting 2012 Most Powerful Women in Accounting Distinguished Graduate Gail has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Information Technology Alliance AICPA Women's Initiative Executive Committee Gail has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Gail has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project CPA Practice Advisor's LA Accounting Show, Presenter Gail has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Idiot's Guides: Introductory Accounting Interests Xero 59,177 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Bob Scott’s Insights 740 members Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members Sage 157,694 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,401,207 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cori has a account Cori Susser Tax manager and business manager Monarch Wealth and Business Management Syracuse University Greater New York City Area 439 439 connections Send InMail Thank you for your interest in my profile! I have achieved a solid foundation of knowledge in my career of accounting, After receiving my Bachelor of Science degree from Syracuse University and completing eight years of public accounting experience (3 big 4, 4 small CPA firm, 2 private firm), I have gained the skills to be a valuable asset . My knowledge and background in income tax preparation/review provides a strong foundation that allows for accurate and thorough work. I am extremely computer literate and have extensive experience with a number of different accounting programs. At my current job, at a wealth management company, I have had the opportunity to do wealth management as well as leverage my tax skills. I focus on sports and entertainment clients. At my previous job, at a small CPA firm I have had the opportunity to familiarize myself with a variety of accounting specialties. You will find me to be an exceptionally versatile member of a team that is comfortable managing clients ranging from individuals to struggling small businesses to established corporations. My comfortable demeanor gives me the ability to command taxing situations while encouraging a sensible, composed atmosphere. I am project oriented which aids in my work efficiency. I am an outgoing social individual who always looking to create new and maintain current relationships. I love networking with different talented individuals. Please feel free reach out and I look forward to hearing from you! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Cori’s Activity Tax Associate Cori liked See all activity Experience Tax Manager and Assist with Business Management Company Name Monarch Wealth and Business Management Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Cori manages all aspects of tax for a business management company / family office; clientele are professional athletes, internationally acclaimed entertainers and some high net-worth families. She works closely with Principle of company to discuss each client’s financial needs and current tax situation. She has regular contact and interaction with all parties, both internally and externally involved with each client. In addition to her tax duties she also supervises and assist business managers who handle every facet of clients’ financial lives . She ensures client information is prepared timely and accurately for current liquidity needs and tax return preparationSome of the tax aspects are as follows:- Managing all tax audit engagements and notices- Preparing and reviewing federal, state, local and foreign compliance for various returns such as: individuals, corporations, and partnerships- Assisting with tax planning and special research projects for clients Cori is always working to improve current processes to make the workplace more efficient To maximize client relationships by attending their events to show support and to network with the various parties involved. Senior Associate Company Name Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Cori has over 6 years of experience in the tax accounting area. Her practice areas consist of both businesses and individuals. In addition to preparing taxes, she also assists in representing clients before government authorities. Further, she helps assist individuals and privately held businesses in a variety of industries (ie. entertainment, real estate, professional service, and manufacturing) in understanding the tax consequences of various unique business transactions. These include federal, state, local and multinational tax issues (i.e. specific goods and services, consignment, foreign subsidiary liquidations, write off of bad debt for outstanding receivable). At Cori's current job she has not only leveraged her experiences from PwC to expand her corporate compliance knowledge but, she also gained new know-how in the individual tax and non-for-profit areas. Not only can prepare and review income tax returns she also is involved with high net worth individuals who need assistance with trusts, gifts, and estates.Cori serves on the work life committee and is actively involved in the recruitment process by interviewing candidates and coaching newly hired employees and interns. volunteer Company Name Ruff Start Rescue Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Bedford, NY In addition, to her full-time job, Cori who has a passion for dogs is dedicated to rescuing and finding homes for dogs that have been neglected, abused or are at risk of being euthanized at a high kill shelter. She is involved in the adoption process for potential adoptors, fostering dogs, and volunteering in several ways. Some ways in which Cori volunteers is fundraising, advertising on facebook, phone interviews, adoption follow-ups and kennel help. She is even featured in the newsletter. Associate/Acting Senior Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York Metro Cori started her tax accounting career at PwC as an intern during college, and then came on board full-time shortly after graduating from Syracuse University's School of Management. Cori was in the Business Compliance Services (BCS) group which focused mainly on Corporate clients. She mostly worked on clients in the entertainment and media industry. She also assisted the Investment Management (IM) group with their hedgefund clients. She was involved heavily with the preparation and review of the tax returns. The tax returns involved various Federal and State consolidated returns, combined nexus and unitary state returns, proforma returns etc. She also prepared and review complexed workpapers which supported return figures (i.e. M-1s, subsidiary capital tax, production tax credits, minimim tax). She collaborated with the different business units around the world. She also got some exposure to the tax provision (FAS 109/FIN 48) as she assisted with the review of tax packets and valuation allowances which help clients have increased control, oversight and visibility over the tax compliance. Further, she assisted upper management with various research projects as well as billing/budgeting.Cori served as a mentor to interns as well as Beta Alpa Psi members at Syracuse University. She participated in many firm sponsored community service events and onsite health related events. She also participated in the co-ed softball league offered at the firm. Education Syracuse University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Presented with Accounting Leadership Award Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Schutzman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 10 endorsements for Income Tax 10 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Ted Kirshenbaum, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cori has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Accounting Leadership Award Cori has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Barneys New York 57,758 followers Monarch Business and Wealth Management LLC 5 followers The Blackstone Group 125,779 followers Prada 233,075 followers Thuzio 2,600 followers SEPHORA 429,615 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Trojan, CPA Tax Strategies for Small Business Owners - Business Coach Flatiron Advisors Tax and Accounting University of Colorado Boulder Boulder, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I have over 25 years experience working directly with small business owners and providing business consulting, tax planning and financial coaching to business owners. Specialties: Tax preparation and tax and business planning for owners and shareholders of closely held businesses or individuals with complex tax planning needs. Industries of focus include veterinarians, dentists, and other health care providers. My firm also provides services including business bookkeeping, QuickBooks consulting and coaching. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Steve’s Activity 925 followers And then I started working for my dad’s business, and I was making … when I was 22 to 28, I was making 35 to 55 thousand dollars a year, but I had no expenses. I didn’t go on vacations. I didn’t buy fancy things. A lot of you think it’s just imperative to make 100,000 dollars from the start. You’re wrong. You have so much time. https://lnkd.in/dt4kpGn Steve liked I was having drinks with a very young, so far relatively successful businessman when one of his colleagues walked up to our table. He said, "This is Chris. Chris works for me." I cringed and gave him some perspective. Yes, I own a law firm. But nobody works for me. I would never introduce one of my colleagues as a person who works for me. In my view, that reveals a lack of basic human decency and insecurity. It's also entirely untrue in any legitimate venture. We all work together. We work for the cause; the mission; the clients. And, in reality, if anyone works for anyone else, it's me working for them. It's me working to create a better firm and a better culture. It's me working to be a better leader. It's me working to live up to and exceed their expectations. I'm inherently skeptical of the "everybody works for me" types. It's kind of a rookie thing to say. And besides: If you have to go around telling everyone in your company that you're the boss, then you obviously feel the issue is in doubt and you're not very secure in that being the truth. If you really conduct yourself like the boss, then everybody knows it and you don't need to go around saying it. Steve liked a comment Have you received an Illinois Request for Business Income or Loss Verification Notice? Earlier in 2017, the Illinois Department of Revenue has started sending these letters out to taxpayers. It appears Illinois is targeting taxpayers with sole proprietorship businesses running at a loss. Steve shared this Millennial businesses want more diverse services from accounting firms Steve liked a comment Why Tracking URLs Are So Important for Your Business Steve liked See all activity Experience Owner Company Name Flatiron Advisors Tax and Accounting Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boulder, CO Owner Company Name SMT & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 6 mos Location Crystal Lake, IL Full service tax and accounting firm specializing in closely held businesses Owner Company Name Complete Payroll, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Complete Payroll, Inc. is a payroll processing company offering live payroll processing including quartelry payroll reporting, tax payments, direct deposit, pay-as-you-go workers' comp and integrated retirement plans. Accounting Manager Company Name SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Dates Employed 1995 – 2000 Employment Duration 5 yrs Controller Company Name Boston Digital Dates Employed 1987 – 1995 Employment Duration 8 yrs See more positions Education University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 University of Colorado at Boulder Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 78 endorsements for Tax Preparation 78 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Joseph Conrad, EA, CTC and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steve’s colleagues at SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 64 endorsements for Small Business 64 Small Business Endorsed by Ron Souder and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steve’s colleagues at SeaquistPerfect Dispensing Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 61 endorsements for Tax 61 Tax Endorsed by Jon Neal, MST CPP and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Stephen Taylor Technology Consultant | CEO | Author of Technology Should Just Work | LeadingIT January 22, 2013, Steve was a client of Stephen’s I started using Stephen in 2012 after going through several IT people who could not figure out why I was having problems with my server and workstations. On the first visit to my office, one of his guys figured out a problem that perplexed several different consultants I had tried. Since then he has helped with improving the server and installing new desktops. Their knowledge is excellent, the staff is great, they respond quickly and I can trust what they recommend. I would definitely recommend Stephen and LeadingIT Solutions. Dale Smith Managing Director at WebWorX Ltd September 9, 2011, Steve was a client of Dale’s Just wanted to thank Dale for his help he recently provided on my website. Dale treated the project as important as all his others, provided quick support, good follow-up and the results I was looking for. Very knowledgeable and professional. I look forward to working with Dale again in the future. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Steve has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Steve has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Steve has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization VetPartners Interests University of Colorado Boulder Alumni 36,102 members Craft Brewing Industry 44,157 members Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,901 followers OfficeTools 1,131 members Coaching Zone 44,026 members Flexible Staffing Services, Inc. 469 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carol has a account Carol Wilson, CPA, MBA Partner at Nonprofit Accounting Academy Nonprofit Accounting Academy Rollins College - Crummer Graduate School of Business Orlando, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Launched Nonprofit Accounting Academy with business partner Carrie Schulz in Dec. 2015. So excited to take our years of accounting and technology experience working with nonprofits and share it via online courses! We especially work with QuickBooks, both online and desktop versions. We are making the connection between raising funds and accountability to donors. What do donors want? To be thanked and to know their gifts made a difference! I have been a CPA since 1992. My background is in public and nonprofit accounting. I consult with small businesses and nonprofits about how accounting can help with better management as well as compliance and tax issues. I also teach accounting and QuickBooks workshops for the Edyth Bush Center for Philanthropy & Nonprofit Leadership at Rollins College. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Nonprofit Accounting Academy Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Online Online school where nonprofits can access tools and education to help them use accounting to advance their mission. Special focus on QuickBooks desktop software and QuickBooks Online. CPA Company Name Care Accounting Services Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos QuickBooks Advanced Certified ProAdvisor, accounting system design, staff training, technology consulting, tax preparation for small businesses and nonprofit organizations.Tutoring for QBA, Accounting and Finance for college and MBA level courses Accounting Manager Company Name Rollins College Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos General ledger; preparation of quarterly financial statements and audit workpapers; design and delivery of educational programs for campus budget managers; supervision of travel processing function; maintenance of charts of fund, organization, account and program codes; grant reporting Executive Director Company Name Florida Bicycle Association, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 1998 – May 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Growth of a start up 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization including filing for 501(c)(3) status, membership development, board development, fund raising, database design, bookkeeping and program development and implementation. Staff Accountant Company Name McDirmit Davis Lauteria Puckett & Vogel, P.A. Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Jul 1998 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Staff accountant responsible for a variety of tax and audit assignments. Clients included privately held businesses and local governments. Education Rollins College - Crummer Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Class Vice President Beta Gamma Sigma Florida State University - College of Business Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 35 endorsements for Accounting 35 Accounting Endorsed by Kevin L. Woods and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 24 endorsements for General Ledger 24 General Ledger Endorsed by Carole Gaynor MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Carol’s colleagues at Rollins College Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 16 endorsements for Bookkeeping 16 Bookkeeping Endorsed by 3 of Carol’s colleagues at Rollins College Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Monica G. Richter Virtual Freelance Translator and Interpreter English Spanish April 26, 2010, Monica G. and Carol were students together Carol, It is a pleasure to get to know you as a teacher, tutor, and finance professional. I found you to be an individual of high moral standing, compassionate, and an great communicator. I appreciated it very much your attention to detail during classes and your dynamic attitude towards philanthropic and business.I look forward to our paths crossing againMonica Richter,Rollins Crummer MBABroker Associate, GRI, SFR, Coldwell Banker Mercedes Infante, CPA, EA Principal - Accounting and Tax Consulting January 16, 2010, Mercedes managed Carol directly Carol worked with me on a project while she was doing her MBA and impressed me with her accuracy, detail and excel skills, so I hired her for the Accounting Manager position on a part time project basis. Carol is a great organizer and works well with staff, suggesting process improvements and providing detailed analysis that prepared us for audit. She brings valuable experience and I recommend her highly. Monica G. Richter Virtual Freelance Translator and Interpreter English Spanish April 26, 2010, Carol and Monica G. were students together I found Monica to be upbeat, energetic and focused on learning. She has a special place in her heart for philanthropy. She is a caring person who goes out of her way to serve others. Monica is someone who is always ready to take on the next big challenge. I think her energy would be a positive addition to any team. Mercedes Infante, CPA, EA Principal - Accounting and Tax Consulting October 15, 2009, Carol reported directly to Mercedes I had the pleasure of working for Mercedes on a community service project as part of my MBA program at Rollins College and later as an assistant to her on some special projects. From the first time I met Mercedes, I was impressed with her energy, her optimism and her love of learning. Later as I came to know her better I was also inspired by her ability to take charge of challenging situations. Mercedes has a strong work ethic and sense of responsibility. In short, you can always count on her! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Rollins College - Crummer Graduate School of Business 6,467 followers Accounting Technology (2383032) 14,088 members Rollins College - Crummer Graduate School of Business 6,610 followers Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members #fundchat 1,104 members Integration with QuickBooks and 3rd Party Apps 2,464 members See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Hardy, CPA Accounting Manager at CPI Corporation CPI Corporation Benedictine College Chesterfield, Missouri 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name CPI Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location St. Louis, MO CPA Company Name Rubin Brown Dates Employed 2008 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Accountant - Special Projects Company Name Worldwide Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Controller Company Name Huber, Ring, Helm & Co., P.C. Dates Employed 2002 – 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Benedictine College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 2 endorsements for QuickBooks 2 QuickBooks Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 2 endorsements for Financial Reporting 2 Financial Reporting Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Benedictine College 7,839 followers Accounting Jobs and Jobseekers 124,509 members Software & Technology (#1 in Jobs, HR, Managers, Cloud, Mobile, Voice, CRM & Big Data) 2,648,574 members Benedictine College 7,525 followers RubinBrown LLP 600 members Alumni & Team Members 386 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Attia Managing Director, Senior Tax Accountant,Financial Planner and Finance Broker at MA Finance Group Pty LTD MA Finance Group Pty LTD University of South Australia Kogarah, New South Wales, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties in SME business advisory & compliance, real estate & property tax advisory, small business start-ups and structuring, superannuation, corporate taxation advice Highlights Follow Follow Matt’s Activity 15,457 followers Lender Networking Session at the Zebra Lounge Pyrmont! Thank you to Kelly Tietjen from NAB, Paul Burns from ThinkTank, Sam West from RP Data and Scott Shying from La Trobe Fantastic session! Matt liked Lucky Day !! Matt shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant,Financial Planner and Finance Broker Company Name MA Finance Group Pty LTD Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 3/104 Railway Parade, Kogarah NSW 2217 Media (1) This position has 1 media Home Home This media is a link Mortgage Broker Company Name FAST Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Western Sydney I am a motivated lending professional committed to providing superior financial solutions to clients who may have complex requirements. I enjoy working with clients to understand their needs and goals. I utilise a range of resources to achieve appropriate outcomes. Me and my teams are friendly and we have professional manner ensure that our clients gain immediate access to well qualified and practical advice. We have access to the full range of residential home lending products whether that is owner occupied or residential ! Treasurer Company Name The Australian Coptic Movement Association Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Sydney, Australia The Australian Coptic Movement Association Ltd is a not-for-profit Human Rights and Advocacy Organisation which aims to combat persecution of Coptic minorities in Egypt as well as individuals whom have sought policitcal asylum as a result of government persecution and tyranny.Through providing ongoing direction and advice in areas such as Accounting, Government Liason, Structuring and Policy Direction, I aim to assist the Organisation in achieving its short and long term vision in achieving social justice for its targeted beneficiaries. Tax Accountant Company Name MA Finance Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Western Sydney All tax accounting needs, from general data entry and bookkeeping services, to payroll, to preparation and lodgement of BAS, IAS, Tax Returns for all entities; including SMSF, Trusts, Partnerships, Sole Traders, Companies and Individuals. ABN applications, Company Creations and ASIC agents. No matter how small or large your tax related portfolio is, we can assist. Dedicated service at reasonable rates. Education University of South Australia Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 .. Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 409 endorsements for Finance 99+ Finance Endorsed by John Kolenda and 40 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 278 endorsements for Investments 99+ Investments Endorsed by Nicholas King and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 253 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Ang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Bill Ashford Parent Carer March 2, 2015, Bill worked with Matt but at different companies Matt is a highly knowledgeable and thoughtful towards his clients requirements.He considers all the situations that they are in and where they would like to be.Matt and his staff are Courteous and diligent in all aspects of business. Leon Angelopoulos . October 21, 2013, Leon worked with Matt but at different companies I have known Matt for about 1.5 yrs. Matt is an accountant and broker and very good with complex loan scenarios ie trust and company borrowers, SMSF applications etc. Matt has a very strong understanding on high LVR loans with 100% offset facility on fixed loans and lo-doc loans.Having the accounting background gives Matt the ability to be able to give accounting advice and assist his clients on ensuring all deductions have been allowed and making sure all investment debt is correctly set up. I would have no hesitation in recommending Matt’s services to potential clients. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Leon Angelopoulos . October 21, 2013, Matt was a client of Leon’s I have known Loan for 1.5 years as a BDM he is a great person to talk o and get the job done! he understand the lending area very well and he gets back to you in the same hour ! Paul Tooze BDM at Calibre Real Estate - Brisbane September 20, 2012, Matt worked with Paul in different groups great person to work with View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Matt has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Taxation Institute Interests Suncorp Bank Intermediaries 765 followers AMP 47,837 followers APIA 2,018 followers Business Analyst Social Networking 26,970 members ING 107,670 followers University of Melbourne 204,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Graff Tax Partner at Ernst & Young US LLP Ernst & Young US LLP LIU Post Greater New York City Area 267 267 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Real Estate Tax Partner Company Name Ernst & Young US LLP Dates Employed May 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official Dates Employed Sep 2001 – May 2002 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education LIU Post Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification NY State CPA Interests Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official 338 followers LIU Post 35,391 followers EY 1,748,711 followers Ernst & Young LLP - Current and Former Employees 17,011 members
More Actions Antonino has a account Antonino Tax Accountant DIRECTOR at MARTINEZ & PERDOMO P.A. Martinez & Perdomo P.A. Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 33 33 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting Consulting Director Company Name Martinez & Perdomo P.A. Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 6 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area As a leading accounting firm for more than 33 years, Martinez & Perdomo Professional Association has excelled in providing a wide range of financial solutions to businesses and individuals in South Florida. We understand our clients’ need for high-quality, personalized services to better manage their accounting, bookkeeping, investments and taxes.Every client has different goals and needs for themselves or their organization — our aim is to provide tailored accounting solutions to every client in a responsible and effective manner. From tax preparation and analysis of financial statements to new business formation and representation before the IRS, we work closely with you while guiding you every step of the way in order to help your business or personal finances become more productive, streamlined, and efficient. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Martinez & Perdomo P.A. 7 followers Hawaiian Cool Water 42 followers
More Actions Cori has a account Cori Susser Tax manager and business manager Monarch Wealth and Business Management Syracuse University Greater New York City Area 439 439 connections Send InMail Thank you for your interest in my profile! I have achieved a solid foundation of knowledge in my career of accounting, After receiving my Bachelor of Science degree from Syracuse University and completing eight years of public accounting experience (3 big 4, 4 small CPA firm, 2 private firm), I have gained the skills to be a valuable asset . My knowledge and background in income tax preparation/review provides a strong foundation that allows for accurate and thorough work. I am extremely computer literate and have extensive experience with a number of different accounting programs. At my current job, at a wealth management company, I have had the opportunity to do wealth management as well as leverage my tax skills. I focus on sports and entertainment clients. At my previous job, at a small CPA firm I have had the opportunity to familiarize myself with a variety of accounting specialties. You will find me to be an exceptionally versatile member of a team that is comfortable managing clients ranging from individuals to struggling small businesses to established corporations. My comfortable demeanor gives me the ability to command taxing situations while encouraging a sensible, composed atmosphere. I am project oriented which aids in my work efficiency. I am an outgoing social individual who always looking to create new and maintain current relationships. I love networking with different talented individuals. Please feel free reach out and I look forward to hearing from you! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Cori’s Activity Tax Associate Cori liked See all activity Experience Tax Manager and Assist with Business Management Company Name Monarch Wealth and Business Management Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Cori manages all aspects of tax for a business management company / family office; clientele are professional athletes, internationally acclaimed entertainers and some high net-worth families. She works closely with Principle of company to discuss each client’s financial needs and current tax situation. She has regular contact and interaction with all parties, both internally and externally involved with each client. In addition to her tax duties she also supervises and assist business managers who handle every facet of clients’ financial lives . She ensures client information is prepared timely and accurately for current liquidity needs and tax return preparationSome of the tax aspects are as follows:- Managing all tax audit engagements and notices- Preparing and reviewing federal, state, local and foreign compliance for various returns such as: individuals, corporations, and partnerships- Assisting with tax planning and special research projects for clients Cori is always working to improve current processes to make the workplace more efficient To maximize client relationships by attending their events to show support and to network with the various parties involved. Senior Associate Company Name Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Cori has over 6 years of experience in the tax accounting area. Her practice areas consist of both businesses and individuals. In addition to preparing taxes, she also assists in representing clients before government authorities. Further, she helps assist individuals and privately held businesses in a variety of industries (ie. entertainment, real estate, professional service, and manufacturing) in understanding the tax consequences of various unique business transactions. These include federal, state, local and multinational tax issues (i.e. specific goods and services, consignment, foreign subsidiary liquidations, write off of bad debt for outstanding receivable). At Cori's current job she has not only leveraged her experiences from PwC to expand her corporate compliance knowledge but, she also gained new know-how in the individual tax and non-for-profit areas. Not only can prepare and review income tax returns she also is involved with high net worth individuals who need assistance with trusts, gifts, and estates.Cori serves on the work life committee and is actively involved in the recruitment process by interviewing candidates and coaching newly hired employees and interns. volunteer Company Name Ruff Start Rescue Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Bedford, NY In addition, to her full-time job, Cori who has a passion for dogs is dedicated to rescuing and finding homes for dogs that have been neglected, abused or are at risk of being euthanized at a high kill shelter. She is involved in the adoption process for potential adoptors, fostering dogs, and volunteering in several ways. Some ways in which Cori volunteers is fundraising, advertising on facebook, phone interviews, adoption follow-ups and kennel help. She is even featured in the newsletter. Associate/Acting Senior Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York Metro Cori started her tax accounting career at PwC as an intern during college, and then came on board full-time shortly after graduating from Syracuse University's School of Management. Cori was in the Business Compliance Services (BCS) group which focused mainly on Corporate clients. She mostly worked on clients in the entertainment and media industry. She also assisted the Investment Management (IM) group with their hedgefund clients. She was involved heavily with the preparation and review of the tax returns. The tax returns involved various Federal and State consolidated returns, combined nexus and unitary state returns, proforma returns etc. She also prepared and review complexed workpapers which supported return figures (i.e. M-1s, subsidiary capital tax, production tax credits, minimim tax). She collaborated with the different business units around the world. She also got some exposure to the tax provision (FAS 109/FIN 48) as she assisted with the review of tax packets and valuation allowances which help clients have increased control, oversight and visibility over the tax compliance. Further, she assisted upper management with various research projects as well as billing/budgeting.Cori served as a mentor to interns as well as Beta Alpa Psi members at Syracuse University. She participated in many firm sponsored community service events and onsite health related events. She also participated in the co-ed softball league offered at the firm. Education Syracuse University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Presented with Accounting Leadership Award Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Schutzman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 10 endorsements for Income Tax 10 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Ted Kirshenbaum, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Cori’s colleagues at Buchbinder Tunick & Company LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cori has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Accounting Leadership Award Cori has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests WME|IMG Speakers 1,805 followers Hearst 51,378 followers Time Warner Inc. 121,017 followers DVF (Diane von Furstenberg) 73,455 followers Tory Burch 78,787 followers popchips 5,965 followers See all See all following
More Actions Antonino has a account Antonino Tax Accountant DIRECTOR at MARTINEZ & PERDOMO P.A. Martinez & Perdomo P.A. Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 33 33 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting Consulting Director Company Name Martinez & Perdomo P.A. Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 6 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area As a leading accounting firm for more than 33 years, Martinez & Perdomo Professional Association has excelled in providing a wide range of financial solutions to businesses and individuals in South Florida. We understand our clients’ need for high-quality, personalized services to better manage their accounting, bookkeeping, investments and taxes.Every client has different goals and needs for themselves or their organization — our aim is to provide tailored accounting solutions to every client in a responsible and effective manner. From tax preparation and analysis of financial statements to new business formation and representation before the IRS, we work closely with you while guiding you every step of the way in order to help your business or personal finances become more productive, streamlined, and efficient. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Martinez & Perdomo P.A. 7 followers Hawaiian Cool Water 42 followers
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Attia Managing Director, Senior Tax Accountant,Financial Planner and Finance Broker at MA Finance Group Pty LTD MA Finance Group Pty LTD University of South Australia Kogarah, New South Wales, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties in SME business advisory & compliance, real estate & property tax advisory, small business start-ups and structuring, superannuation, corporate taxation advice Highlights Follow Follow Matt’s Activity 15,457 followers Lender Networking Session at the Zebra Lounge Pyrmont! Thank you to Kelly Tietjen from NAB, Paul Burns from ThinkTank, Sam West from RP Data and Scott Shying from La Trobe Fantastic session! Matt liked Lucky Day !! Matt shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant,Financial Planner and Finance Broker Company Name MA Finance Group Pty LTD Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 3/104 Railway Parade, Kogarah NSW 2217 Media (1) This position has 1 media Home Home This media is a link Mortgage Broker Company Name FAST Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Western Sydney I am a motivated lending professional committed to providing superior financial solutions to clients who may have complex requirements. I enjoy working with clients to understand their needs and goals. I utilise a range of resources to achieve appropriate outcomes. Me and my teams are friendly and we have professional manner ensure that our clients gain immediate access to well qualified and practical advice. We have access to the full range of residential home lending products whether that is owner occupied or residential ! Treasurer Company Name The Australian Coptic Movement Association Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Sydney, Australia The Australian Coptic Movement Association Ltd is a not-for-profit Human Rights and Advocacy Organisation which aims to combat persecution of Coptic minorities in Egypt as well as individuals whom have sought policitcal asylum as a result of government persecution and tyranny.Through providing ongoing direction and advice in areas such as Accounting, Government Liason, Structuring and Policy Direction, I aim to assist the Organisation in achieving its short and long term vision in achieving social justice for its targeted beneficiaries. Tax Accountant Company Name MA Finance Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Western Sydney All tax accounting needs, from general data entry and bookkeeping services, to payroll, to preparation and lodgement of BAS, IAS, Tax Returns for all entities; including SMSF, Trusts, Partnerships, Sole Traders, Companies and Individuals. ABN applications, Company Creations and ASIC agents. No matter how small or large your tax related portfolio is, we can assist. Dedicated service at reasonable rates. Education University of South Australia Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 .. Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 409 endorsements for Finance 99+ Finance Endorsed by John Kolenda and 40 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 278 endorsements for Investments 99+ Investments Endorsed by Nicholas King and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 253 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Ang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Bill Ashford Parent Carer March 2, 2015, Bill worked with Matt but at different companies Matt is a highly knowledgeable and thoughtful towards his clients requirements.He considers all the situations that they are in and where they would like to be.Matt and his staff are Courteous and diligent in all aspects of business. Leon Angelopoulos . October 21, 2013, Leon worked with Matt but at different companies I have known Matt for about 1.5 yrs. Matt is an accountant and broker and very good with complex loan scenarios ie trust and company borrowers, SMSF applications etc. Matt has a very strong understanding on high LVR loans with 100% offset facility on fixed loans and lo-doc loans.Having the accounting background gives Matt the ability to be able to give accounting advice and assist his clients on ensuring all deductions have been allowed and making sure all investment debt is correctly set up. I would have no hesitation in recommending Matt’s services to potential clients. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Leon Angelopoulos . October 21, 2013, Matt was a client of Leon’s I have known Loan for 1.5 years as a BDM he is a great person to talk o and get the job done! he understand the lending area very well and he gets back to you in the same hour ! Paul Tooze BDM at Calibre Real Estate - Brisbane September 20, 2012, Matt worked with Paul in different groups great person to work with View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Matt has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Taxation Institute Interests Mark Bouris AMMark Bouris AM is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, Innovator, Author and Academic 162,275 followers Converge Hub 246 members Networking Australia (Only!) 33,599 members Newcastle Coffee Mornings - Social Networking & Media Group 704 members AccountantsDaily 2,978 followers University of South Australia 93,465 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Hardy, CPA Accounting Manager at CPI Corporation CPI Corporation Benedictine College Chesterfield, Missouri 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name CPI Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location St. Louis, MO CPA Company Name Rubin Brown Dates Employed 2008 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Accountant - Special Projects Company Name Worldwide Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Controller Company Name Huber, Ring, Helm & Co., P.C. Dates Employed 2002 – 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Benedictine College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 2 endorsements for QuickBooks 2 QuickBooks Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 2 endorsements for Financial Reporting 2 Financial Reporting Gayla C.Hannon and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Alumni & Team Members 386 members Benedictine College 7,839 followers Accounting Jobs and Jobseekers 124,509 members Benedictine College 7,525 followers RubinBrown LLP 600 members Hirespin 116,840 members See all See all following
More Actions Amber has a account Amber Shields, M.B.A. Staff Tax Accountant at Benderson Development Benderson Development Canisius College Buffalo, New York 60 60 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Benderson Development Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Education Canisius College Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Ralph Feath and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 2 endorsements for General Ledger 2 General Ledger Ralph Feath and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 2 endorsements for GAAP 2 GAAP Ralph Feath and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University at Buffalo 157,018 followers Canisius College 30,089 followers Benderson Development 1,266 followers Leadership and Success Discussion Group 5,565 members FinancialPeople Staffing 131 followers The National Society of Leadership & Success 23,832 members See all See all following
More Actions David (Tommy) has a account David (Tommy) McCullough TAX ACCOUNTANT CANDLELIGHT LEAGUE - NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS FT SMITH===HOWARD PAYNE UNIVERSITY Houston, Texas Area 39 39 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience TREASURER Company Name CANDLELIGHT LEAGUE - NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG, BLVD, HOUSTON TEXAS DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK FOR THIS YOUTH SPORTS ORGANIZATION TREASURER Company Name OLSEN ESTATES Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK===HOME OWNERS ASSOCIATION TREASURER Company Name INTERNATIONAL BOXING FEDERATION Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location NEW JERSEY TREASURER AND BOXING SUPERVISOR SECRETARY/TREASURER Company Name GALVESTON SANDCASTLE Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD. HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK FOR THIS NON=PROFIT ORGANIZATION Owner Company Name David McCullough Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Present Employment Duration 34 yrs 6 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 ACCREDITED TAX ADVISOR====DO FEDERAL TAX RETURNS AND HANDLE ALL IRS PROBLEMS See more positions Education UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS FT SMITH===HOWARD PAYNE UNIVERSITY Degree Name BBA===BS Field Of Study BUSINESS AND ACCOUNTING Grade 3.27 Activities and Societies: boxing=won numerious boxing titles fought in the national golden gloves, was to fight in the olympic trials, but could not go while attending college i worked full time as a fireman for the Brownwood,Texas fire dept. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Shannon Duke and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Shannon Duke and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Nonprofits See 6 endorsements for Nonprofits 6 Nonprofits Pete Podgorski and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Graff Tax Partner at Ernst & Young US LLP Ernst & Young US LLP LIU Post Greater New York City Area 267 267 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Real Estate Tax Partner Company Name Ernst & Young US LLP Dates Employed May 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official Dates Employed Sep 2001 – May 2002 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education LIU Post Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification NY State CPA Interests Ernst & Young LLP - Current and Former Employees 17,011 members EY 1,748,713 followers LIU Post 35,392 followers Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official 338 followers
More Actions Tom has a account Tom Holland Tax Professional Thomas Holland, CPA Ballston Spa, New York 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Minimizer Company Name Thomas Holland, CPA Dates Employed 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs Specializing in Individual Tax Compliancewww.tomstaxes.com Associate Auditor Company Name NYS Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location 1450 Western Ave, Albany, NY Proprietor Company Name Holland Hill Christmas Trees Dates Employed Apr 1986 – Present Employment Duration 31 yrs 3 mos Location Ballston Spa, NY Cut-your-own Christmas tree farm Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Returns See 8 endorsements for Tax Returns 8 Tax Returns Gary Czupryna and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Patti Ellis and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 6 endorsements for Tax Advisory 6 Tax Advisory Gary Czupryna and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYS Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services 1,583 followers Electrotax 45 followers
More Actions Ashley has a account Ashley Born, CPA Senior Tax Analyst at Pacific Life Pacific Life University of California, Santa Barbara Orange County, California Area 362 362 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ashley’s Activity 360 followers Visual Preview Ashley liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Pacific Life Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Newport Beach, CA • Review GAAP and STAT monthly and quarterly tax accounting - provision for income taxes.• Prepare federal and state corporate, partnership and life insurance company income tax returns, extensions and estimates.• Prepare excise, sales and use, premium, municipal, Canadian, foreign tax withholding exemptions, Foreign Bank and Financial Account Reports (FBAR) and other international tax returns and forms.• Review/audit the tax department's internal financial controls and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance.• Assist with federal/state tax examinations and research tax issues.• Corporate Finance Division - Employee Engagement Committee Member (April 2014 – March 2016)• Integrated Data Enterprise Solution Change Champion (April 2016 - Present) Tax Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Irvine, CA Tax Senior Associate - July 2013-February 2014Tax Associate - July 2011-June 2013• Participated in tax return and tax audit engagements for client companies in the public and private sector with progressive responsibilities in executing technical accounting duties, performing research work for clients, and supervising associates. • Prepared and reviewed tax provision calculation workpapers.• Prepared and reviewed corporate and individual federal and state income tax returns, extensions, and quarterly tax estimates.• Developed strong client relationships, prepared budgets, assisted with staffing, and delivered outstanding service.• Represented clients in IRS and state tax examinations. Tax Intern Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Irvine, CA • Provided support to various engagement teams.• Assisted in the preparation of corporate income tax returns and review of tax provisions. Volunteer Income Tax Preparer Company Name UCSB Office of International Students and Scholars (OISS) Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area • Analyzed residency status of international students/scholars to evaluate and apply potential tax treaties.• Assisted in the preparation of tax forms 1040/1040NR, 540/540NR and 8843 using TaxWise software. Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Business Economics with an Emphasis in Accounting, Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Accounting Association, Golden Key International Honour Society, Psi Chi International Honor Society in Psychology Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 13 endorsements for Corporate Tax 13 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Ashley’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ashley’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ashley’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ashley has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations AICPA CalCPA Ashley has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests UCSB Alumni Association 30,035 members Taco Bell 39,579 followers PwC Southwest Alumni Group 693 members Kevin O'LearyKevin O&#39;Leary is a LinkedIn Influencer Contributor/Investor at CNBC 730,527 followers Pacific Life 12,763 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 178,928 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Brands CPA Income Tax Preparation Expert J H Brands & Associates University of Illinois at Chicago Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Licensed CPA and Enrolled Agent with extensive experience in taxpayer representation, tax return preparation, tax research and accounting experience. Strong management and communication skills and thorough knowledge of all types of taxes and tax related financial issues. Specialties: Income Tax Preparation Small Business Advisory Services Income Tax Reduction and Negotiation Release of Liens, Levies and Garnishments Forensic Accounting Audit and Exam Representation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Income Tax Compliance Expert Company Name J H Brands & Associates Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Advise individuals and closely held businesses on tax issues, entity selection and tax compliance. • Prepare and review federal and state tax returns, including corporate (1120S), partnership (1065), individual (1040) and employment (940 941) returns. • Maintain regular contact with assigned clients and develop strong relationships through personal attention, timeliness of service, and good money saving advice• Review quarterly individual income tax payments. – Verify the accuracy of calculations.• Prepare hypothetical tax computations, answer questions from clients, generate reports, and accommodate research requests. Tax Manager Company Name Russell Novak & Company, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Managed all aspects of the accounting and finance functions for the tax controversy and consulting divisions. • Prepared and reviewed corporate (1120S), partnership (1065) and personal (1040) income tax returns.• Assisted with off-season projects, reviewed files for certain tax ramifications, prepared fee invoices, and ran reports for distribution to internal and external parties.• Performed and presented periodic analyses assessing the impact of marketing strategies on the operating results of the business unit.• Assisted the Partners with practice administration including: resource allocation, career development of staff, and other people management decisions Business Manager Company Name Superior Tax Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos • Managed day-to-day transaction activities and participated in practice development efforts -Wrote and prepared transaction related documents and marketing materials including pitch books, corporate profiles, information memoranda, and market data/analyses.• Built and managed relationships for a portfolio of clients of varying size and scope and acted as the point of contact for internal and external clients.• Assembled and filed IRS collection appeals, Offers in Compromise (Form 656), Collection Information Statements (Form 433), penalty abatements (Form 843) and audit reconsiderations. Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 64 endorsements for Accounting 64 Accounting Endorsed by Paul Casey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 51 endorsements for Tax 51 Tax Endorsed by Mike Halleron, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 33 endorsements for Income Tax 33 Income Tax Patricia M Orona and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (20) Given (0) Michele Katz, Advitam IP Founding Partner at Advitam IP, LLC January 6, 2012, Michele was a client of John’s John is a pleasure to work with. Not only is he flexible in working around my schedule, he asks clear questions so we can efficiently provide him with the information he needs to put us in the best tax position possible, yet very patient in answering our many questions. All for a reasonable cost. Merrily Fitzpatrick Toxicology at Banner Health April 21, 2011, Merrily was a client of John’s View 18 more recommendations View 18 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Financial Accounting Managerial Accounting Tax Law I Tax Law II John has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Enrolled Agent Interests DePaul University 150,169 followers CareerBuilder 64,598 followers UIC - University of Illinois at Chicago Alumni & Friends 18,277 members Mesirow Financial 9,790 followers Rush University 23,879 followers Leo Burnett 257,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Stephen Burke Senior Tax Partner - Mergers & Acquisitions M&A Tax Solutions, LLC Florida Southern College Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior M&A Tax Partner with 30 years of Big Four experience serving private and public companies in the areas of mergers and acquisitions, in and out-of-court restructurings / reorganizations, entity formation / simplification and exit planning / structuring. Served as lead M&A tax partner on hundreds of transactions and significant company life events across numerous industries, including transactions ranging in size from $5M to $11B on behalf of PE funds, corporate / strategic businesses, family offices, lenders and investment banks. Solutions oriented M&A tax professional with a unique ability to assess and communicate complex technical issues while keeping the value proposition for all stakeholders top of mind. Possesses a broad range of experience and delivers a strong value proposition in a highly responsible and trusted manner. AREAS OF SPECIALTY: • M&A planning, due diligence investigations and tax structuring • Turnaround and distressed company tax consulting • In and out-of-court restructs & reorgs • Tax attribute planning, preservation and computational analysis (e.g., section 382) • Entity formation and divestiture planning / execution • Purchase agreements, P.P. allocations • Post-acquisition / merger and post-emergence legal entity integration / simplification See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name M&A Tax Solutions, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area M&A Tax Solutions is a boutique M&A tax advisory firm providing tax structuring, due diligence and other specialized tax services to financial and strategic buyers / sellers in the lower middle market. We believe that our unique firm structure and focus (summarized below) allows us to provide a superior product and experience to that of a conventional CPA firm. • Focus - We maintain an exclusive focus on transactional tax work and are free from the competing tax compliance-related deadlines and priorities associated with traditional CPA firms. • Experience - Our clients enjoy a partnership with experienced, partner-level former Big Four deal professionals that take a “hands-on” approach and perform all of the work on our engagements. • Flexibility - We understand that each transaction is unique and work with our clients to collaboratively design a scope of work, timeline and deliverable that meets their specific needs. • Service - First class service, with the personal touch and level of attention and responsiveness that only a smaller firm can provide. • Value - Big firm experience without the big firm rates. Because of our lean and efficient structure, we provide competitive pricing and excellent value to our clients.We work directly with clients and also partner with other professional service firms and advisors to provide transactional tax support to their clients throughout the deal process.To learn more about M&A Tax Solutions or for a complete listing of all buy-side, sell-side and integration related tax services please contact info@mnataxsolutions.com or visit mnataxsolutions.com. Retired - Mergers & Acquisitions - Tax Partner Company Name PwC Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Atlanta AREAS OF SPECIALTY: • M&A planning, due diligence investigations and tax structuring • Turnaround and distressed company tax consulting• In and out-of-court restructs & reorgs• Tax attribute planning, preservation and computational analysis (e.g., section 382)• Entity formation and divestiture planning / execution• Purchase agreements, P.P. allocations• Post-acquisition / merger and post-emergence legal entity integration / simplificationCOMPETENCIES & STRENGTHS:Tax-free reorganizations, taxable acquisitions, recapitalizations, evaluation of alternative acquisition and disposition transactions / structures (e.g., asset versus stock sale, IRC Section 385 debt versus equity analysis, Up C monetization, Rev. Ruls. 99-6 and 99-5, Reverse Morris Trust transactions),Buy and sell-side tax dd investigations, including investigations of distressed and post reorganized enterprises,S corporation and partnership acquisitions and disposition planning, entity classification planning (regarded vs. disregarded entities, taxation of cooperatives and other special purpose entities), Non-compete agreements, tax receivable agreements, P.P. allocations, Sections 338 and 336(e), acquisition and sale agreements, In and out-of-court restructurings, one-company equity-for-debt restructurings (recapitalization and non-recapitalization), two-company reorganizations, bankruptcy taxation, acquiring / restructuring distressed businesses, COD planning/modeling, attribute reduction planning/modeling, assisting with the formation of a tax efficient POR (“Plan of Reorganization”) and Disclosure Statement, tax planning/treatment of QSF’s Preservation, planning/utilization of tax attributes (IRC Sec. 382, 383, 384, CERT, SRLY), Debt mods, exchanges and recapitalizations (e.g., debt-for-debt exchanges, significant mods, OID, AHYDO, publicly traded debt) Application of consolidated return tax issues (ELA’s, ULR, intercompany balances, worthless stock deductions), Tax Partner Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area Education Florida Southern College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 23 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 23 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Mark Fikse, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Stephen’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Restructuring See 21 endorsements for Restructuring 21 Restructuring Endorsed by Carrie Parker, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Stephen’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Endorsed by Ben Stanga and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Stephen’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephen has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Georgia Society of CPAs Turnaround Management Association Interests PwC 1,356,122 followers Florida Southern College 17,498 followers M&A Tax Solutions, LLC 40 followers Florida Southern College 16,921 followers Deloitte 2,201,891 followers
More Actions Milad has a account Milad Mirzaei Financial and tax accountant at Godakhtar Godakhtar Payame Noor University (Distance Education) Iran 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced Financial Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in financial team of Godakhtar (oil & energy industry). Skilled in Financial Accounting, Financial Reporting, Tax Accounting, and Microsoft Office. Graduated Bachelor's degree in Accounting and Finance from Payame Noor University of Iran. experiences started in finance services companies even voluntarily since first year of education and it never got stop until now. Trying hardly for reach 8 rate in IELTS exam TRYING AND KEEP TRYING FOR A BETTER WORLD. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Milad’s Activity 851 followers Debt-ceiling dispute heats up as U.S. tax receipts miss target Milad liked We welcome feedback from applicants, members and other stakeholders. #FOSfacts #listening Milad liked Not only can you save with the early-bird discount but register before 30 June for your tax deduction #FPACongress http://fpacongress.com.au/ Milad liked Developing tomorrow's top accountants — Karbon articles Milad liked See all activity Experience Financial Accountant Company Name Godakhtar Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Markazi Province, Iran Accountant Company Name Godakhtar Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Arak, Markazi Province, Iran Assistant Financial Accountant Company Name iralco Iran Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Markazi Province, Iran - learning staff accounting for 2 month and then doing whole of that process in other 2 month is assist of Mr.Abdolvand head of staff accountant of Acrol co. Assistant Accountant (distance helping) Company Name Noavaran Amin - Financial Data Processing Company Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Markazi Province, Iran - Helping and supporting in over 10 accounting project .- Doing the whole annual accounting process of 3 companies . Education Payame Noor University (Distance Education) Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 70 of 100 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: - Make meeting for improve Accounting knowledge in statements and how to report them with postgraduate students. - Planning classes for how to enter a new environment without stress and how to handle pressure with top accountants and consultants of Arak. shahid beheshti Degree Name high school Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Volunteer Experience accident saviour Company Name Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Health There is a lot of traffic and travel because of Norooz holidays in first days of spring Every year and the red crescent need some help for take care of travelers .good timing for help = best help Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 23 endorsements for Teamwork 23 Teamwork Bahram Moshrefi and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cost Accounting See 28 endorsements for Cost Accounting 28 Cost Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Milad’s colleagues at Godakhtar Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 44 endorsements for Financial Accounting 44 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Soheila Teimouri and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Milad’s colleagues at Godakhtar Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ali Khalili Manager dirctot at Godakhtar June 13, 2017, Ali managed Milad directly Milad's skills, experience and hard-working ethics are an asset to any employer. This is proven by his efforts since the very first day we started our cooperation. He had ability to multitask and work under pressure, which I found valuable and extremely helpful. His willingness to accept and learn from challenges also enabled him to contribute thoughtful, well-reasoned approaches to help others to solve difficult problem. His friendliness was one of his many attributes which made a difference to the environment of my financial team and turn it into a peaceful and lively place. Milad's excellent communication skills, positive outlook and pleasing personality enhance his natural leadership qualities. I wish him luck for all future ventures. naeimeh masoumi Accountant at Godakhtar April 26, 2017, Milad worked with naeimeh in the same group I have worked with Milad for over 3 years. We have worked on Financial Statements together and throughout this time I have seen him become an integral person in analyzing data. He is one of the most focused, determined and professional people I have ever worked with. He has a keen eye for detail and is quick to grasp complex ideas and apply them in a practical way. He is truly committed to achieve what he needs and grasp new concepts quickly. Milad is an excellent team player who works in a very collaborative and supportive manner. He has excellent skills in; preparing accounting records, financial statements, assimilating new information or data quickly, project management and developing rapport quickly when meeting with new clients. He will be a valuable addition to any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Milad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English persian Interests CNNMoney 1,147,896 followers Iran Technical & Vocational Training سازمان آموزش فنی و حرفه ای 353 followers Macquarie University 132,893 followers Accounting Forum - Australia 620 members Financial Times 2,244,608 followers Accounting Today 428,435 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amber has a account Amber Busch Board Member at Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Leadership Tomorrow Class of 2015 Greater Seattle Area 449 449 connections Send InMail Over 14 years of public accounting experience working with real estate, hospitality and health care businesses and their owners. Specific experience includes tax planning, consulting, and compliance for individuals, partnerships, and corporations. Including consultations on entity formations, reorganizations, liquidations, buy-in and buy-out transactions, and transaction structuring for tax minimization. Specialties: tax planning, partnership taxation, transaction structuring, buy-in and buy-out transactions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Board Member Company Name Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Shareholder Company Name Clark Nuber Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Bellevue, WA Principal Company Name Clothier & Head Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Tax Senior Manager Company Name Moss Adams LLP Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Assurance Staff Company Name KPMG Peat Marwick Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 8 mos See more positions Education Leadership Tomorrow Class of 2015 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Golden Gate University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Washington State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by 5 of Amber’s colleagues at Clothier & Head Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 23 endorsements for CPA 23 CPA Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Moss Adams LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 19 endorsements for Tax Accounting 19 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Moss Adams LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) John Spaid EVP Finance at National Health Investors November 5, 2010, John was a client of Amber’s Amber is an extremely proficient tax CPA in areas of partnership tax that continues to bewilder many tax accountants. She combines her expertise with an engaging personality and charming warmth. From my 27 years managing CPA engagements as well as hundreds of pass-through tax entities, I have found Amber to be the very best of the best in her field. I highly recommend Amber. Lindsey McReynolds Chief Client Relations Officer at Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt January 18, 2013, Lindsey worked with Amber in the same group Lindsey is quite possibly the finest professionals I have ever worked with. The success our firm has had under Lindsey’s direction is phenomenal. From a business development perspective Lindsey has taught the professionals in our organization (from staff to owner) how to use each one of their individual strengths to market the firm and grow the practice. She leads us through the business development process from the identification of dream clients, to finding connections to those prospects, preparing for pitch meetings, and delivering high quality client focused proposals. Her contributions to the firm go far beyond marketing and business development. She heads up initiatives, leads industry groups, serves on the management team, and is an overall essential part of our organization. From a personal perspective, Lindsey encourages me to step outside of my comfort zone, stretch my skill set and become a professional every day. John Spaid EVP Finance at National Health Investors June 15, 2011, Amber worked with John but at different companies I had the opportunity to work with John during his time at Aegis Living. I always appreciated how great John was at reaching out to his professional advisors to consult with us on various issues and projects. He was proactive in asking for advice and staying on top of issues. I very much enjoyed working with John and developing a great professional relationship. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Amber has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Washington State University - Go Cougs 3,420 members AICPA Women in the Profession 12,281 members Senior Living Healthcare Professionals 4,106 members Eastlake High School - Sammamish WA - Alumni Group 124 members Leadership Tomorrow Seattle 239 followers TED Conferences 5,516,373 followers See all See all following
More Actions Judith has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Judith Jacobson Director of International Taxation; International Tax Counsel Siemens Corporation Georgetown University Law Center Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Tax attorney with established record of generating significant tax savings. Expertise in international and federal taxation. Specialize in complex tax-saving projects, reorganizing corporate structures, mergers and acquisitions (M & A), transfer pricing, tax controversy and client service. Skilled communicator and project manager with success in directing and implementing complex transactions to achieve corporate goals and minimize cash taxes. Specialties: International tax planning, "out from under" planning, transfer pricing, supply chain planning, foreign tax credit, Subpart F, permanent establishment, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, tax controversy and general tax advice. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience International Tax Director Company Name Siemens Corporation Dates Employed 2008 – 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Iselin, NJ Responsible for the U.S. tax planning for the foreign subsidiaries of Siemens Corporation, the largest subsidiary of Siemens AG, a €75 billion German multinational. • Restructured controlled foreign corporations (CFCs) to move them "out from under"​ the U.S.• Supported the tax compliance group in properly reporting the reorganizations of the CFCs, filing 5471's and other forms, and calculating the foreign tax credit.• Advised project managers on structures to avoid creating a permanent establishment (PE) when conducting cross-border business in China, Canada, South Korea, Hong Kong and Vietnam.• Reviewed transfer pricing reports.• Revised Siemens' methods of computing the foreign tax credit and the earnings and profits of its controlled foreign corporation.• Coached an international tax manager and an international tax attorney Senior Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year As part of the International Tax M&A Group, worked on the acquisition of a Canadian retail chain by a U.S. retailer and the tax favorable restructuring of a U.S. multinational’s European supply chain. Tax Counsel Company Name Colgate-Palmolive Company Dates Employed 1987 – 2006 Employment Duration 19 yrs Location New York, NY Structured and implemented complex tax-saving special projects and managed the tax aspects of transactions in the U.S. and abroad for this Fortune 500 multinational. • Served as the tax adviser for Colgate's Africa/Middle East Division and for Hill's Pet Nutrition's 15 international businesses.• Reorganized business operations and legal structures to minimize cash taxes and solve business problems.• Negotiated and developed the tax structure for various M&A transactions, including tax-free reverse and forward triangular mergers.• Revised the transfer pricing policies for Hill's foreign subsidiaries and for Colgate's Africa/Middle East Division.• Successfully defended on audit the return treatment of various transactions. Education Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name J.D. Field Of Study Law Activities and Societies: Law Journal: Law & Policy in International Business Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name LL.M in Tax Field Of Study Tax KPMG Learning Center Field Of Study Accounting for Income Taxes 16 Credits See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 27 endorsements for International Tax 27 International Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 20 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 20 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Bob House, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Judith has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification New York and District of Columbia Bars Judith has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York City Bar Association Interests Georgetown University Law Center 39,883 followers In The House: NYC 2,021 members Association of International Tax Lawyers 5,108 members IN-HOUSE LAW JOBS 66,191 members Women Should Network Too! 1,406 members Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members See all See all following
More Actions David (Tommy) has a account David (Tommy) McCullough TAX ACCOUNTANT CANDLELIGHT LEAGUE - NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS FT SMITH===HOWARD PAYNE UNIVERSITY Houston, Texas Area 39 39 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience TREASURER Company Name CANDLELIGHT LEAGUE - NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG, BLVD, HOUSTON TEXAS DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK FOR THIS YOUTH SPORTS ORGANIZATION TREASURER Company Name OLSEN ESTATES Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK===HOME OWNERS ASSOCIATION TREASURER Company Name INTERNATIONAL BOXING FEDERATION Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location NEW JERSEY TREASURER AND BOXING SUPERVISOR SECRETARY/TREASURER Company Name GALVESTON SANDCASTLE Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 4 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD. HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 DO ALL ACCOUNTING AND TAX WORK FOR THIS NON=PROFIT ORGANIZATION Owner Company Name David McCullough Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Present Employment Duration 34 yrs 6 mos Location 7712 HARRISBURG BLVD, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77012 ACCREDITED TAX ADVISOR====DO FEDERAL TAX RETURNS AND HANDLE ALL IRS PROBLEMS See more positions Education UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS FT SMITH===HOWARD PAYNE UNIVERSITY Degree Name BBA===BS Field Of Study BUSINESS AND ACCOUNTING Grade 3.27 Activities and Societies: boxing=won numerious boxing titles fought in the national golden gloves, was to fight in the olympic trials, but could not go while attending college i worked full time as a fireman for the Brownwood,Texas fire dept. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Shannon Duke and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Shannon Duke and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Nonprofits See 6 endorsements for Nonprofits 6 Nonprofits Pete Podgorski and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Judith has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Judith Jacobson Director of International Taxation; International Tax Counsel Siemens Corporation Georgetown University Law Center Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Tax attorney with established record of generating significant tax savings. Expertise in international and federal taxation. Specialize in complex tax-saving projects, reorganizing corporate structures, mergers and acquisitions (M & A), transfer pricing, tax controversy and client service. Skilled communicator and project manager with success in directing and implementing complex transactions to achieve corporate goals and minimize cash taxes. Specialties: International tax planning, "out from under" planning, transfer pricing, supply chain planning, foreign tax credit, Subpart F, permanent establishment, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, tax controversy and general tax advice. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience International Tax Director Company Name Siemens Corporation Dates Employed 2008 – 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Iselin, NJ Responsible for the U.S. tax planning for the foreign subsidiaries of Siemens Corporation, the largest subsidiary of Siemens AG, a €75 billion German multinational. • Restructured controlled foreign corporations (CFCs) to move them "out from under"​ the U.S.• Supported the tax compliance group in properly reporting the reorganizations of the CFCs, filing 5471's and other forms, and calculating the foreign tax credit.• Advised project managers on structures to avoid creating a permanent establishment (PE) when conducting cross-border business in China, Canada, South Korea, Hong Kong and Vietnam.• Reviewed transfer pricing reports.• Revised Siemens' methods of computing the foreign tax credit and the earnings and profits of its controlled foreign corporation.• Coached an international tax manager and an international tax attorney Senior Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year As part of the International Tax M&A Group, worked on the acquisition of a Canadian retail chain by a U.S. retailer and the tax favorable restructuring of a U.S. multinational’s European supply chain. Tax Counsel Company Name Colgate-Palmolive Company Dates Employed 1987 – 2006 Employment Duration 19 yrs Location New York, NY Structured and implemented complex tax-saving special projects and managed the tax aspects of transactions in the U.S. and abroad for this Fortune 500 multinational. • Served as the tax adviser for Colgate's Africa/Middle East Division and for Hill's Pet Nutrition's 15 international businesses.• Reorganized business operations and legal structures to minimize cash taxes and solve business problems.• Negotiated and developed the tax structure for various M&A transactions, including tax-free reverse and forward triangular mergers.• Revised the transfer pricing policies for Hill's foreign subsidiaries and for Colgate's Africa/Middle East Division.• Successfully defended on audit the return treatment of various transactions. Education Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name J.D. Field Of Study Law Activities and Societies: Law Journal: Law & Policy in International Business Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name LL.M in Tax Field Of Study Tax KPMG Learning Center Field Of Study Accounting for Income Taxes 16 Credits See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 27 endorsements for International Tax 27 International Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 20 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 20 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 3 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Judith’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Judith has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification New York and District of Columbia Bars Judith has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York City Bar Association Interests Georgetown University Law Center 7,435 members Colgate-Palmolive Alumni Network 5,206 members Association of International Tax Lawyers 5,108 members IN-HOUSE LAW JOBS 66,191 members US Tax Jobs 962 members Trends in tax 1,639 members See all See all following
More Actions Milad has a account Milad Mirzaei Financial and tax accountant at Godakhtar Godakhtar Payame Noor University (Distance Education) Iran 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced Financial Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in financial team of Godakhtar (oil & energy industry). Skilled in Financial Accounting, Financial Reporting, Tax Accounting, and Microsoft Office. Graduated Bachelor's degree in Accounting and Finance from Payame Noor University of Iran. experiences started in finance services companies even voluntarily since first year of education and it never got stop until now. Trying hardly for reach 8 rate in IELTS exam TRYING AND KEEP TRYING FOR A BETTER WORLD. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Milad’s Activity 851 followers Debt-ceiling dispute heats up as U.S. tax receipts miss target Milad liked We welcome feedback from applicants, members and other stakeholders. #FOSfacts #listening Milad liked Not only can you save with the early-bird discount but register before 30 June for your tax deduction #FPACongress http://fpacongress.com.au/ Milad liked Developing tomorrow's top accountants — Karbon articles Milad liked See all activity Experience Financial Accountant Company Name Godakhtar Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Markazi Province, Iran Accountant Company Name Godakhtar Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Arak, Markazi Province, Iran Assistant Financial Accountant Company Name iralco Iran Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Markazi Province, Iran - learning staff accounting for 2 month and then doing whole of that process in other 2 month is assist of Mr.Abdolvand head of staff accountant of Acrol co. Assistant Accountant (distance helping) Company Name Noavaran Amin - Financial Data Processing Company Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Markazi Province, Iran - Helping and supporting in over 10 accounting project .- Doing the whole annual accounting process of 3 companies . Education Payame Noor University (Distance Education) Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 70 of 100 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: - Make meeting for improve Accounting knowledge in statements and how to report them with postgraduate students. - Planning classes for how to enter a new environment without stress and how to handle pressure with top accountants and consultants of Arak. shahid beheshti Degree Name high school Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Volunteer Experience accident saviour Company Name Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Health There is a lot of traffic and travel because of Norooz holidays in first days of spring Every year and the red crescent need some help for take care of travelers .good timing for help = best help Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 23 endorsements for Teamwork 23 Teamwork Bahram Moshrefi and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cost Accounting See 28 endorsements for Cost Accounting 28 Cost Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Milad’s colleagues at Godakhtar Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 44 endorsements for Financial Accounting 44 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Soheila Teimouri and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Milad’s colleagues at Godakhtar Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ali Khalili Manager dirctot at Godakhtar June 13, 2017, Ali managed Milad directly Milad's skills, experience and hard-working ethics are an asset to any employer. This is proven by his efforts since the very first day we started our cooperation. He had ability to multitask and work under pressure, which I found valuable and extremely helpful. His willingness to accept and learn from challenges also enabled him to contribute thoughtful, well-reasoned approaches to help others to solve difficult problem. His friendliness was one of his many attributes which made a difference to the environment of my financial team and turn it into a peaceful and lively place. Milad's excellent communication skills, positive outlook and pleasing personality enhance his natural leadership qualities. I wish him luck for all future ventures. naeimeh masoumi Accountant at Godakhtar April 26, 2017, Milad worked with naeimeh in the same group I have worked with Milad for over 3 years. We have worked on Financial Statements together and throughout this time I have seen him become an integral person in analyzing data. He is one of the most focused, determined and professional people I have ever worked with. He has a keen eye for detail and is quick to grasp complex ideas and apply them in a practical way. He is truly committed to achieve what he needs and grasp new concepts quickly. Milad is an excellent team player who works in a very collaborative and supportive manner. He has excellent skills in; preparing accounting records, financial statements, assimilating new information or data quickly, project management and developing rapport quickly when meeting with new clients. He will be a valuable addition to any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Milad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English persian Interests Godakhtar Group 153 followers Tetra Pak 201,252 followers Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand 51,628 followers Femia Accountants | Accountants Perth 43 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,514,330 followers Alex MalleyAlex Malley is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief executive at CPA Australia 528,458 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ali has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ali Chamas, CPA Finance and Accounting Professional cPrime, Inc. California State University-Long Beach Los Angeles, California 500+ 500+ connections InMail Senior Accountant || Financial Analyst || Accountant Financial Software Applications Consultant Oracle ERP Implementation Consultant Connect with me using:►►chamasali1@gmail.com ◄◄ Goal-oriented senior accountant and financial analyst with experience and expertise in corporate accounting and financial analysis. Through collaborative style of financial management, positive financial results are achieved. Global experience in a variety of financial and accounting functions. Consultant with experience in a wide variety of financial software applications. ►To collaborate on the above perspectives and new opportunities, email me at chamasali1@gmail.com◄ Specialties – Enterprise Resource Planning • Accounting • Finance • Budgets • Oracle • Cash Control • Training • Cash Reserves • Investments • Tax Reporting • Cash Application • General Ledger • Tax Law Compliance • Quickbooks • Financial Reporting • Tax Research • GAAP • Accounting Principles • Leadership • Tax Consulting • Income Tax • Value Added Tax • Multinational Companies • Business Accounting • Corporate Reporting • Executive Leadership • Reconciliation • Tax Filing • Business Process Design• Due Diligence • Team Building • Report Development • Certified Public Accountant • International Tax Regulation • Excel • Accounting Reports • Business Development • Marketing • Client Services • Financial Statements • P&L • Financial Analysis • TaxWorks • TurboTax • Communication • Consulting • Collaborative Management • CPA • Financial Analyst • Revenue Recognition • Variance Analysis • Asana • Salesforce See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant, CPA (Contract Project) Company Name cPrime, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Mattel, Inc. Oracle ERP implementation project• Modified the formatting of the data extracted from the legacy system to meet the requirements of the new enterprise system. • Uploaded the massive amounts of modified data into the new enterprise system while utilizing Web ADI.• Validated the data by utilizing excel in order to confirm that the data from the legacy system matched with the data that was uploaded into the new enterprise system. Revenue Accountant (Contract Project) Company Name Crossroads Staffing Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area InTouch Health • Analyzed the difference in recognized revenue using prior years’ revenue recognition method as compared to the current method for all the samples chosen by the auditors.• Updated the master deferred revenue sheet while ensuring the accuracy of the balances.• Researched various inquiries made by auditors and provided explanations with supporting documentation. Senior Accounting Consultant (Contract Project) Company Name Robert Half Management Resources Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area Deckers Outdoor Corporation • Prepared month end schedules for pre-paids, accruals, intangibles and all the related month end entries. • Reconciled the company’s local disbursement, concentration, and receivables bank accounts involving thousands of transactions in addition to foreign accounts.• Eliminated intercompany transactions by reconciling using Virtual Trader to increase efficiency.• Assisted in the implementation of the cash management module in Oracle EBS by manually entering transactions in order to discover any bugs and then relayed issues to PWC consultants for fixing.• Trained other team members on using the cash management module. Senior Accountant Company Name Local Market Launch Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Santa Barbara, California Area Local Presence Automation solutions. Our mission is to simplify the foundational process of local presence management. We provide our user-friendly TruPoint Synchronization Technology platform to automate and manage local presence and business listings management solutions across all digital channels. Our SMB and Brand products are sold through our digital agency, newspaper group, and yellow page publisher partners.Our Local Launch Pad technology platform provides a central interface for your team to upload your client's location data once, then monitor the results as your store finder, local landing pages, business listings and review monitoring are seamlessly controlled through one centralized dashboard.We include all the top publisher claimed and enhanced listings including Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Bing and Yelp, then reach hundreds more discovery portals through our syndication partners.• Managed and maintained all financial aspects of this fast paced venture capital backed Software as a Service (SaaS) startup.•Prepared budgets and analyzed variances while highlighting and explaining areas of risk and opportunity. •Closed the month and reconciled bank and credit cards while preparing month end journal entries.•Managed the company's accounts payable ensuring timely payments of bills both domestic and foreign while dealing with transactions and wires in multiple currencies.•Pursued collections for accounts receivable and ensured accurate and timely invoicing of customers.•Processed payroll including all related taxes, bonuses, and PTO while assuming HR duties. Staff Accountant (Contract Project) Company Name Accountemps Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area Pacifica Hotel Company• Performed month end closing procedures, balance sheet analysis, and bank reconciliations.• Researched discrepancies between budgeted and actual expenses and prepared occupancy and sales tax. See more positions Education California State University-Long Beach Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Business Administration, Accountancy Santa Monica College Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration Volunteer Experience Volunteer || Thrift Store Company Name Out of the Closet Aids Center - Los Angeles, CA Dates volunteered Feb 2007 – Jun 2007 Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Health Volunteer team member at the thrift store with duties including sales of donated clothing and furniture, merchandising the sales floor, evaluating donation for sales based condition and customer service.All proceeds benefited the Aids Healthcare Foundation and the patients and organizations that the AHF supports Featured Skills & Endorsements Oracle E-Business Suite Oracle E-Business Suite No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Dynamics GP Microsoft Dynamics GP No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks Enterprise QuickBooks Enterprise No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ali has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Ali has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Apple 3,468,393 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,657 followers Accounting Professionals USA 5,417 members Twitter 500,488 followers BioIQ 1,535 followers Sir Martin SorrellSir Martin Sorrell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of WPP 488,140 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amber has a account Amber Busch Board Member at Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Leadership Tomorrow Class of 2015 Greater Seattle Area 449 449 connections Send InMail Over 14 years of public accounting experience working with real estate, hospitality and health care businesses and their owners. Specific experience includes tax planning, consulting, and compliance for individuals, partnerships, and corporations. Including consultations on entity formations, reorganizations, liquidations, buy-in and buy-out transactions, and transaction structuring for tax minimization. Specialties: tax planning, partnership taxation, transaction structuring, buy-in and buy-out transactions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Board Member Company Name Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Shareholder Company Name Clark Nuber Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Bellevue, WA Principal Company Name Clothier & Head Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Tax Senior Manager Company Name Moss Adams LLP Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Assurance Staff Company Name KPMG Peat Marwick Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 8 mos See more positions Education Leadership Tomorrow Class of 2015 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Golden Gate University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Washington State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by Gerry Adams, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Amber’s colleagues at Clothier & Head Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 23 endorsements for CPA 23 CPA Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Moss Adams LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 19 endorsements for Tax Accounting 19 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Moss Adams LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) John Spaid EVP Finance at National Health Investors November 5, 2010, John was a client of Amber’s Amber is an extremely proficient tax CPA in areas of partnership tax that continues to bewilder many tax accountants. She combines her expertise with an engaging personality and charming warmth. From my 27 years managing CPA engagements as well as hundreds of pass-through tax entities, I have found Amber to be the very best of the best in her field. I highly recommend Amber. Lindsey McReynolds Chief Client Relations Officer at Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt January 18, 2013, Lindsey worked with Amber in the same group Lindsey is quite possibly the finest professionals I have ever worked with. The success our firm has had under Lindsey’s direction is phenomenal. From a business development perspective Lindsey has taught the professionals in our organization (from staff to owner) how to use each one of their individual strengths to market the firm and grow the practice. She leads us through the business development process from the identification of dream clients, to finding connections to those prospects, preparing for pitch meetings, and delivering high quality client focused proposals. Her contributions to the firm go far beyond marketing and business development. She heads up initiatives, leads industry groups, serves on the management team, and is an overall essential part of our organization. From a personal perspective, Lindsey encourages me to step outside of my comfort zone, stretch my skill set and become a professional every day. John Spaid EVP Finance at National Health Investors June 15, 2011, Amber worked with John but at different companies I had the opportunity to work with John during his time at Aegis Living. I always appreciated how great John was at reaching out to his professional advisors to consult with us on various issues and projects. He was proactive in asking for advice and staying on top of issues. I very much enjoyed working with John and developing a great professional relationship. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Amber has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Washington State University - Go Cougs 3,420 members Treehouse – Giving Foster Kids a Childhood and a Future 895 followers Golden Gate University Master of Taxation 1,914 members Eastlake High School - Sammamish WA - Alumni Group 124 members Senior Living Healthcare Professionals 4,106 members TED Conferences 5,516,378 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Brands CPA Income Tax Preparation Expert J H Brands & Associates University of Illinois at Chicago Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Licensed CPA and Enrolled Agent with extensive experience in taxpayer representation, tax return preparation, tax research and accounting experience. Strong management and communication skills and thorough knowledge of all types of taxes and tax related financial issues. Specialties: Income Tax Preparation Small Business Advisory Services Income Tax Reduction and Negotiation Release of Liens, Levies and Garnishments Forensic Accounting Audit and Exam Representation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Income Tax Compliance Expert Company Name J H Brands & Associates Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Advise individuals and closely held businesses on tax issues, entity selection and tax compliance. • Prepare and review federal and state tax returns, including corporate (1120S), partnership (1065), individual (1040) and employment (940 941) returns. • Maintain regular contact with assigned clients and develop strong relationships through personal attention, timeliness of service, and good money saving advice• Review quarterly individual income tax payments. – Verify the accuracy of calculations.• Prepare hypothetical tax computations, answer questions from clients, generate reports, and accommodate research requests. Tax Manager Company Name Russell Novak & Company, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Managed all aspects of the accounting and finance functions for the tax controversy and consulting divisions. • Prepared and reviewed corporate (1120S), partnership (1065) and personal (1040) income tax returns.• Assisted with off-season projects, reviewed files for certain tax ramifications, prepared fee invoices, and ran reports for distribution to internal and external parties.• Performed and presented periodic analyses assessing the impact of marketing strategies on the operating results of the business unit.• Assisted the Partners with practice administration including: resource allocation, career development of staff, and other people management decisions Business Manager Company Name Superior Tax Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos • Managed day-to-day transaction activities and participated in practice development efforts -Wrote and prepared transaction related documents and marketing materials including pitch books, corporate profiles, information memoranda, and market data/analyses.• Built and managed relationships for a portfolio of clients of varying size and scope and acted as the point of contact for internal and external clients.• Assembled and filed IRS collection appeals, Offers in Compromise (Form 656), Collection Information Statements (Form 433), penalty abatements (Form 843) and audit reconsiderations. Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 64 endorsements for Accounting 64 Accounting Endorsed by Paul Casey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 51 endorsements for Tax 51 Tax Endorsed by Mike Halleron, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 33 endorsements for Income Tax 33 Income Tax Patricia M Orona and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (20) Given (0) Michele Katz, Advitam IP Founding Partner at Advitam IP, LLC January 6, 2012, Michele was a client of John’s John is a pleasure to work with. Not only is he flexible in working around my schedule, he asks clear questions so we can efficiently provide him with the information he needs to put us in the best tax position possible, yet very patient in answering our many questions. All for a reasonable cost. Merrily Fitzpatrick Toxicology at Banner Health April 21, 2011, Merrily was a client of John’s View 18 more recommendations View 18 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Financial Accounting Managerial Accounting Tax Law I Tax Law II John has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Enrolled Agent Interests PNE Wind USA, Inc 645 followers DePaul University 150,169 followers DePaul University College of Law 22,141 followers TCS Education System 3,009 followers UIC - University of Illinois at Chicago Alumni & Friends 18,277 members Peninsula Land Ltd. 3,657 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave Adams, CPA Realtor at Keller Williams Realty Keller Williams Realty Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business Greater Boston Area 261 261 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Dave’s Articles 262 followers Hanover Tax Accountant Position Dave Adams, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 28, 2016 See all articles Experience Realtor Company Name Keller Williams Realty Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Easton, Massachusetts Tax Manager Company Name The Hanover Insurance Group Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr US Tax Manager Company Name Computershare Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Tax Manager Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2004 – 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Bentley University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Central Catholic Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dave has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Bentley University - McCallum Graduate School of Business 8,687 followers Bentley University 62,061 followers Commonwealth of Massachusetts 30,128 followers Bentley University 58,583 followers The Hanover Insurance Group 20,509 followers Bentley University Community 22,155 members See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Chan Principal at Mann, Gelon, Glodney & Augenstein, APC Mann Gelon Glodney Gumerove Yee University of California, Berkeley Santa Monica, California 241 241 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Alvin’s Activity 241 followers Watching Kevin O'Leary of Shark Tank at AICPA Engage conference #AICPAENGAGE #1 rule - you have to know your numbers! Alvin liked ‘Wonder Woman’, ‘Lego Batman’ & Warner Bros Top Winners At Golden Trailer Awards Alvin liked See all activity Experience Principal Company Name Mann Gelon Glodney Gumerove Yee Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Manage preparation of tax returns for clients, including corporations, partnerships, trusts, gift and estate tax, and high net worth individuals.Represent clients in response to government correspondence and audits.Advise on various business, accounting, and tax matters on a year-round basis.Provide interim and year-end business and individual tax planning services. Tax Manager Company Name Gursey | Schneider LLP Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Manager Company Name Miller and Co. LLP Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by Bob Jason and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 7 endorsements for Tax Returns 7 Tax Returns Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills High Net Worth Individuals See 6 endorsements for High Net Worth Individuals 6 High Net Worth Individuals Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 499,184 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,988 followers
More Actions Tarek has a account Tarek Osman Team Leader Credit Analysts at Emirates NBD Emirates NBD BNP Paribas Egypt Egypt 133 133 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Team Leader Credit Analysts Company Name Emirates NBD Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos o Plan, organize, direct, control and evaluate the activities of a credit portfolio in the commercial departmento Administer corporate accounts and ensure proper preparation of credit proposals for customers, prospects customers, & different credit reports such as facilities utilization and delinquent accountso Manage and coach a team of senior credit analysts & credit analysts into maintaining proper reports to monitor credit facilities & credit reportso Review and supervise update of credit fileso Engage in customers visits with Senior Relationship Managers & Relationship Managers especially in large key relations in the business center and interview applicants for credit facilitieso Assist customers by proposing solutions to address financial objectives such as business expansion, debt management, investment and other financial goalso Achieve maximum speed to accommodation of customers financial needs within appropriate risk levelo Research and evaluate loan applicant's financial status, references, credit and ability to repay loano Evaluate and review loan and credit applications and collateral and make recommendationso Establish credit limits and determine repayment plans or schedules in accordance with authorized limitso Ensure credit policies and procedures are followed according to the development strategy & compliance rules to ensure smooth flow of circuits & time saving o Implement price and credits policies.o Support & follow up on the Relationship Managers proposals, customers requests for efficient execution of requested transactions delivering required service on time and address customers'​ complaints or concernso Follow up on the implementation of approvals including fulfillment of credit documentation, collateral & conditions o Engage in credit personnel evaluation, training and career development plans identify their training needs Senior Corporate Credit Analyst Company Name Emirates NBD Egypt Dates Employed May 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Fifth Settlement, New Cairo o Evaluate financial and business risks, financial forecasts, credit scenarios of Corporate customers and write credit proposals and recommendations.o Provide credit advice and recommendations to customers, forecast short and long term cash flow and assess financial performance.o Analyze corporate entities, investment projects, industry and economic outlook and prepare analytical reports, briefing memorandums and correspondence.o Research and evaluate loan applicant's financial status, references, credit and ability to repay the loano Submit credit and loan applications to branch or credit manager with recommendations for approval or rejection ensuring that the credit standards of the institution are respectedo Provide technical assistance to branches for existing & prospect customers.o Prepare statements on delinquent accounts and forward incompatible accounts for collector actiono Review and update credit and loan files & complete credit documentationo Follow up on the implementation of credit approvals including credit documentation contracts, collateral, covenants & credit approval conditions. Corporate Credit Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Egypt Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Fifth Settlement, New Cairo o Evaluate financial and business risks, financial forecasts, credit scenarios of Corporate customers and write credit proposals and recommendations.o Provide credit advice and recommendations to customers, forecast short and long term cash flow and assess financial performance.o Analyze corporate entities, investment projects, industry and economic outlook and prepare analytical reports, briefing memorandums and correspondence.o Research and evaluate loan applicant's financial status, references, credit and ability to repay the loano Submit credit and loan applications to branch or credit manager with recommendations for approval or rejection ensuring that the credit standards of the institution are respectedo Provide technical assistance to branches for existing & prospect customers.o Prepare statements on delinquent accounts and forward incompatible accounts for collector actiono Review and update credit and loan files & complete credit documentationo Follow up on the implementation of credit approvals including credit documentation contracts, collateral, covenants & credit approval conditions. Corporate Customer Service Officer Company Name BNP Paribas Egypt Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location El Obour City, East Cairo o Supervise & follow up on processing customer cash deposits and withdrawals, checks, transfers, trade bills and credit card payments, money orders, certified checks and other related banking transactionso Obtain and process information required for the provision of services, such as opening accounts and letter of credits, letter of guarantees, and purchasing bondso Handle Treasury front office operations such as selling foreign currency for trade purposeo Answer inquiries and resolve problems or discrepancies concerning customers'​ accountso Answer Clients'​ inquiries and provide informationo Inform customers of available banking products and services to address their needs.o Open new non-personal accounts, and provide access to automated banking machine, telephone banking and online banking serviceso Store, update, and retrieve financial data & legal documentso Promote the sale of deposit, investment, credit and financial products and services Call Center Representative - Australia Off-shoring Program Company Name Vodafone Egypt Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location 6th of October, Cairo - Handle phone requests from Vodafone Australia customers - Provide information about offers, networks, payment plans, & other telecom services See more positions Education BNP Paribas Egypt Degree Name In-House Credit Course Field Of Study Accounting & Credit Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Activities and Societies:  Financial Accounting  Credit Finance  Case Study Egyptian Banking Institute - Central Bank of Egypt Degree Name Principals of Banking Operations Certificate Field Of Study Banking and Financial Support Services Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009  Customer Service  Money Laundry Forgery Detection  Retail Banking Credit  CBE role & Prototype Treasury  Accounting New Horizon Training Centre Egypt Degree Name Miscellaneous Programs Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 oTime & Stress ManagementoPresentation SkillsoCommunication Skills Program See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Banking See 7 endorsements for Banking 7 Banking Endorsed by 3 of Tarek’s colleagues at Emirates NBD Click and drag to reorder skills Credit See 7 endorsements for Credit 7 Credit Endorsed by 3 of Tarek’s colleagues at Emirates NBD Click and drag to reorder skills Credit Risk See 4 endorsements for Credit Risk 4 Credit Risk Endorsed by 2 of Tarek’s colleagues at Emirates NBD Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tarek has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Tarek has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Credit and Finance Interests EBRD 52,541 followers CIBC 139,540 followers Emirates NBD 185,149 followers BNP Paribas 366,353 followers CareersMENA 3,633 members Faculty of Engineering, Ain Shams University 100,427 followers See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a account Larry Crawford Finance Director, Controller, CPA, CIA with strengths in international accounting/finance, M&A, and internal controls. ACCO Brands Illinois State University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A strategic, finance executive with diversified, global, Fortune 500 experience. Recognized as a strong, cross-functional team leader with a unique blend of financial accounting and internal control expertise. A results oriented leader known for developing a big picture, team approach to deliverables with a collaborative leadership style. Key areas of expertise include: - International Accounting - Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) - Budgeting/Forecasting - Inventory Accounting and Controls - Sarbanes Oxley (SOX)/Internal Controls - Accounting Policies and Procedures - Talent Development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Finance Manager Company Name ACCO Brands Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Lake Zurich, Illinois Currently I manage the company’s North American programs expenditures of $185 million. This includes interpreting customer contracts for all programs elements to ensure proper accounting treatment. I am accountable for all financial controls to ensure accuracy and timeliness of all programs financial transactions, monthly close and financial analysis. In the last two years I have restructured the department and responsibilities for maximum efficiency and consistency of the department output. Further we have significantly reduced both operational and financial risk through a process of cross-training and re-allocation of responsibilities. Along with providing monthly analysis on programs expense to aid in customer/business profitability, for the past year I have been the Finance lead in the development of a new SAP system solution for accounting/managing programs expense. Senior Director, Financial Analysis and Accounting Company Name OfficeMax Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Provide financial expertise and consulting to our international locations business partners. Collaborate with the senior management on budgets, forecasting, business initiative, mergers and acquisitions and trend analysis. Coordinate the consolidation of the monthly financial results of the international locations. Director, Financial and Internal Controls Company Name OfficeMax Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 10 yrs 4 mos Controller - Boise Office Solutions Paper Company Name Boise Office Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Controller of a newly developed paper Marketing group whose purpose was to maximize profit of the Boise Cascade Paper company and Boise Cascade Office Products. Developed performance metrics voa Balance Scorecard. International Accounting Manager Company Name Boise Cascade Office Products Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Directed and managed activities of Finance, Treasury, Legal, Tax, Audit and Risk Management between foreign subsidiaries and parent company. See more positions Education Illinois State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 59 endorsements for Financial Analysis 59 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Jim Pribel and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 42 of Larry’s colleagues at OfficeMax Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 41 endorsements for Finance 41 Finance Endorsed by Jim Pribel and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 29 of Larry’s colleagues at OfficeMax Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 33 endorsements for Accounting 33 Accounting Endorsed by Peter Haslam and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Larry’s colleagues at OfficeMax Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,251,296 followers The Financial Executives Networking Group - FENG Online 11,109 members Allstate 149,506 followers M&A, Corporate Development & HR Services 3,305 members True Value Company 12,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mathew has a account Mathew Prentice, CPA Tax Senior at Perkins & Co Perkins & Co Portland State University Portland, Oregon Area 229 229 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Mathew’s Activity 229 followers Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Mathew liked See all activity Experience Tax Senior Company Name Perkins & Co Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location Portland, OR Forward Observer Company Name Oregon Army National Guard Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name Gunnison & Johannes, PC Dates Employed May 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Beaverton, OR Seasonal Tax Preparer Company Name Perkins & Co. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Portland, OR Accounting Intern Company Name Gunnison & Johannes, PC Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos See more positions Education Portland State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Graduated with a 3.87 overall PSU GPA Portland Community College Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Placement on the Dean's List Colorado State University Field Of Study Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 9 endorsements for Financial Reporting 9 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Ray Jordan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Ray Jordan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Portland State University 118,447 followers Portland Community College 59,667 followers Deloitte 2,201,891 followers EY 1,748,714 followers Colorado School of Mines 38,578 followers Portland Community College 56,575 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristy has a account Kristy Calhoun Sr. Manager, Tax Technology at Chick-fil-A Corporate Chick-fil-A Corporate Columbia Business School Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Manager Tax Technology Company Name Chick-fil-A Corporate Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Manager, Tax Technology Company Name Chick-fil-A Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Tax Systems Sr. Supervisor Company Name Chick-fil-A Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Systems Supervisor Company Name Chick-fil-A Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Columbia Business School Field Of Study Executive Education Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Kennesaw State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Georgia Southern University Grade 3.82 Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi, Beta Alpha Psi, AAC Traveling Gospel Choir Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 18 endorsements for Leadership 18 Leadership Endorsed by Bobby L. Northern, Ph.D., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills Use Tax See 16 endorsements for Use Tax 16 Use Tax Endorsed by 7 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Arthur Pippins Management Consulting Professional July 24, 2008, Kristy worked with Arthur in the same group I have known Kristy for 16 years and she is a dyanmic individual whom has excelled both academically and professionally. I have had the pleasure of both overseeing and working with Kristy in a leadership role at Six Flags Over Georgia. In addition, we both attended the same university where she was very active in numerous campus activities while balancing the rigors of managing a family & career. Arthur Pippins Management Consulting Professional July 24, 2008, Arthur worked with Kristy in the same group Arthur is a detail-oriented person who works to make sure everything that needs to get done during the work day does. He plays whatever role is necessary to keep processes flowing as smoothly as possible. He has a great attitude, and is very pleasant to work with. Accomplishments Kristy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,640 followers Georgia Southern University 73,502 followers Kennesaw State University 86,742 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Georgia Southern University Alumni Network 13,053 members VAT Club 6,209 members See all See all following
More Actions Edita has a account Edita Rimalovsky, CPA Tax Manager at Schenck SC Schenck SC Marquette University Greater Milwaukee Area 294 294 connections Send InMail Specialties: Individual & fiduciary income tax returns, estate and gift tax returns, estate administration and planning, and trust accounting Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Schenck SC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Milwaukee, WI Tax Manager Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Milwaukee January 1, 2016: Komisar Brady & Co., LLP is now CliftonLarsonAllen Tax Manager Company Name Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Milwaukee Tax Manager Company Name Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos See more positions Education Marquette University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting, International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Institute of Economics and Finances Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Gift Tax See 7 endorsements for Gift Tax 7 Gift Tax Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by Kathy S Rotta, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Matson Paul CPA at Baker Tilly October 13, 2010, Matson worked with Edita in different groups My clients think I'm smart because I am able to rely on talented people like Edita. She has been my go to person on estate, fiduciary and gift tax issues. I am going to miss her here. Sandra Doos, CPA Revenue Agent at Internal Revenue Service September 18, 2009, Edita was senior to Sandra but didn’t manage directly I worked with Sandra for 4 years and found her to be very responsible, proactive, detail-oriented, and professional. She is a hard worker and easy to work with. Accomplishments Interests Schenck SC 3,495 followers Институт Экономики и Финансов 371 followers Marquette University 87,383 followers Baker Tilly Milwaukee Alumni 152 members Trusts and Estates Network 28,287 members CliftonLarsonAllen 13,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Solange has a account Solange Cruz Sales and Use Tax Accountant at Tiffany & Co. Tiffany & Co. Rutgers Business School Greater New York City Area 19 19 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sales and Use Tax Accountant Company Name Tiffany & Co. Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Parsippany, NJ Finance Company Name Tiffany & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Education Rutgers Business School Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Criminal Justice Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Belleville High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 1 endorsement for Sales Tax 1 Sales Tax Endorsed by Howie Kutcher, CPA/MS (Tax), who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting Tax Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Compliance Tax Compliance No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers Business School 27,932 followers Rutgers Business School 24,308 followers Tiffany & Co. 195,770 followers
More Actions Mathew has a account Mathew Prentice, CPA Tax Senior at Perkins & Co Perkins & Co Portland State University Portland, Oregon Area 229 229 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Mathew’s Activity 229 followers Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Mathew liked See all activity Experience Tax Senior Company Name Perkins & Co Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location Portland, OR Forward Observer Company Name Oregon Army National Guard Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name Gunnison & Johannes, PC Dates Employed May 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Beaverton, OR Seasonal Tax Preparer Company Name Perkins & Co. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Portland, OR Accounting Intern Company Name Gunnison & Johannes, PC Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos See more positions Education Portland State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Graduated with a 3.87 overall PSU GPA Portland Community College Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Placement on the Dean's List Colorado State University Field Of Study Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 9 endorsements for Financial Reporting 9 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Ray Jordan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Ray Jordan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mathew’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Portland State University 118,447 followers EY 1,748,715 followers Portland Community College 59,667 followers Colorado School of Mines 38,578 followers Moss Adams LLP 21,497 followers Perkins & Co 1,935 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Chan Principal at Mann, Gelon, Glodney & Augenstein, APC Mann Gelon Glodney Gumerove Yee University of California, Berkeley Santa Monica, California 241 241 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Alvin’s Activity 241 followers Watching Kevin O'Leary of Shark Tank at AICPA Engage conference #AICPAENGAGE #1 rule - you have to know your numbers! Alvin liked ‘Wonder Woman’, ‘Lego Batman’ & Warner Bros Top Winners At Golden Trailer Awards Alvin liked See all activity Experience Principal Company Name Mann Gelon Glodney Gumerove Yee Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Manage preparation of tax returns for clients, including corporations, partnerships, trusts, gift and estate tax, and high net worth individuals.Represent clients in response to government correspondence and audits.Advise on various business, accounting, and tax matters on a year-round basis.Provide interim and year-end business and individual tax planning services. Tax Manager Company Name Gursey | Schneider LLP Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Manager Company Name Miller and Co. LLP Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by Bob Jason and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 7 endorsements for Tax Returns 7 Tax Returns Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills High Net Worth Individuals See 6 endorsements for High Net Worth Individuals 6 High Net Worth Individuals Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at Miller and Co. LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 524,988 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,184 followers
More Actions Solange has a account Solange Cruz Sales and Use Tax Accountant at Tiffany & Co. Tiffany & Co. Rutgers Business School Greater New York City Area 19 19 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sales and Use Tax Accountant Company Name Tiffany & Co. Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Parsippany, NJ Finance Company Name Tiffany & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Education Rutgers Business School Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Criminal Justice Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Belleville High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 1 endorsement for Sales Tax 1 Sales Tax Endorsed by Howie Kutcher, CPA/MS (Tax), who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting Tax Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Compliance Tax Compliance No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers Business School 24,308 followers Tiffany & Co. 195,770 followers Rutgers Business School 27,932 followers
More Actions Kristy has a account Kristy Calhoun Sr. Manager, Tax Technology at Chick-fil-A Corporate Chick-fil-A Corporate Columbia Business School Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Manager Tax Technology Company Name Chick-fil-A Corporate Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Manager, Tax Technology Company Name Chick-fil-A Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Tax Systems Sr. Supervisor Company Name Chick-fil-A Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Systems Supervisor Company Name Chick-fil-A Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Columbia Business School Field Of Study Executive Education Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Kennesaw State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Georgia Southern University Grade 3.82 Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi, Beta Alpha Psi, AAC Traveling Gospel Choir Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 18 endorsements for Leadership 18 Leadership Endorsed by Bobby L. Northern, Ph.D., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by 5 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills Use Tax See 16 endorsements for Use Tax 16 Use Tax Endorsed by 7 of Kristy’s colleagues at Chick-fil-A Corporate Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Arthur Pippins Management Consulting Professional July 24, 2008, Kristy worked with Arthur in the same group I have known Kristy for 16 years and she is a dyanmic individual whom has excelled both academically and professionally. I have had the pleasure of both overseeing and working with Kristy in a leadership role at Six Flags Over Georgia. In addition, we both attended the same university where she was very active in numerous campus activities while balancing the rigors of managing a family & career. Arthur Pippins Management Consulting Professional July 24, 2008, Arthur worked with Kristy in the same group Arthur is a detail-oriented person who works to make sure everything that needs to get done during the work day does. He plays whatever role is necessary to keep processes flowing as smoothly as possible. He has a great attitude, and is very pleasant to work with. Accomplishments Kristy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Columbia Business School 83,359 followers Kennesaw State University 86,742 followers Georgia Southern University 73,502 followers Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members Tax Technology Forum 6,601 members Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members See all See all following
More Actions Edita has a account Edita Rimalovsky, CPA Tax Manager at Schenck SC Schenck SC Marquette University Greater Milwaukee Area 294 294 connections Send InMail Specialties: Individual & fiduciary income tax returns, estate and gift tax returns, estate administration and planning, and trust accounting Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Schenck SC Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Milwaukee, WI Tax Manager Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Milwaukee January 1, 2016: Komisar Brady & Co., LLP is now CliftonLarsonAllen Tax Manager Company Name Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Milwaukee Tax Manager Company Name Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos See more positions Education Marquette University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting, International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Institute of Economics and Finances Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Gift Tax See 7 endorsements for Gift Tax 7 Gift Tax Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by Kathy S Rotta, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Komisar Brady & Co., LLP (now CliftonLarsonAllen) Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Edita’s colleagues at Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Matson Paul CPA at Baker Tilly October 13, 2010, Matson worked with Edita in different groups My clients think I'm smart because I am able to rely on talented people like Edita. She has been my go to person on estate, fiduciary and gift tax issues. I am going to miss her here. Sandra Doos, CPA Revenue Agent at Internal Revenue Service September 18, 2009, Edita was senior to Sandra but didn’t manage directly I worked with Sandra for 4 years and found her to be very responsible, proactive, detail-oriented, and professional. She is a hard worker and easy to work with. Accomplishments Interests Tax Professionals 114,664 members Baker Tilly Milwaukee Alumni 152 members Institute of Economics and Finances 379 followers Институт Экономики и Финансов 371 followers CliftonLarsonAllen 13,995 followers Marquette University 87,383 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maggie has a account Maggie Cheung US Tax Manager at KPMG KPMG City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Hong Kong 273 273 connections Send InMail Utilize my professional knowledge in US tax and global awareness to assist organizations in planning their US and foreign investments. Highlights Experience Manager - US Corporate Tax Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Hong Kong Assistant Manager - US Corporate Tax Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Hong Kong Consultant - US Financial Services Tax Company Name EisnerAmper LLP Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Manhattan, New York Summer Intern Company Name Heritage Fund Management LLC Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Manhattan, New York Education City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Volunteer Experience English-Mandarin Translator Company Name Smile Asia Medical Mission in Zhengzhou, China Dates volunteered May 2016 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children English Teacher Company Name Society for Community Organization in Hong Kong Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Education Children Yoga Teacher Company Name Society for Community Organization in Hong Kong Dates volunteered Nov 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements US Corporate Inbound/Outbound Tax Advisory & Compliance See 1 endorsement for US Corporate Inbound/Outbound Tax Advisory & Compliance 1 US Corporate Inbound/Outbound Tax Advisory & Compliance Ken Harvey has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 3 endorsements for Tax Accounting 3 Tax Accounting Jonathan Kushner and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 1 endorsement for Corporate Tax 1 Corporate Tax Vicky Chan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Maggie has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Maggie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification United States Certified Public Accountant Interests KPMG 595,513 followers Baruch Alumni Group 11,435 members KPMG 31,288 members Huawei Technologies 1,205,599 followers Tesla 1,031,328 followers KPMG China 98,348 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brent has a account Brent Phillips Staff Accountant at Tate & Tryon Tate & Tryon, CPAs & Consultants Liberty University Washington D.C. Metro Area 95 95 connections Send InMail Experienced Staff Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the nonprofit industry. Experienced in Intacct, Bill.com, Microsoft GP, Quickbooks 2015, and Microsoft Solomon. Accounting professional with a Bachelor's degree in Accounting from Liberty University, currently pursuing my CPA license. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name Tate & Tryon, CPAs & Consultants Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos - Obtained Intacct Accounting Specialist Certification- Obtained Bill.com Expert & Guru Certification- Acquired skills for communicating and anticipating client needs- responsible for analyzing and coding invoices and expense reports for clients and recording transactions- Gained knowledge in processing client company payroll- Reconciling Monthly Bank statements- Reconciling Monthly clearing accounts- Compiling information in accounting software for 1099 processing- Furthering exposure to Bill.com, Intacct, Microsoft SL, and Microsoft GP accounting softwares- Obtained knowledge in Accounts payable processing in Sage 100 and Quickbooks Desktop 2015 Outsourced Services Intern Company Name Tate & Tryon, CPAs & Consultants Dates Employed Jan 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area - Learned to work on accounting softwares including Bill.com, Microsoft Dynamics GP, Microsoft Dynamics SL, Concur solutions, and Intacct- Assisted in processing company's clients 1099 forms- Responsible for the Accounts payable process at several of the firm's clients in the DC area.- Acquired Customer communication skills for speaking with clients and vendors.- Helped superiors with special projects such as Budgeting spreadsheets, Bank reconciliations, and organization of spreadsheets for tax purposes. Food Service Worker Company Name Sodexo Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Lynchburg, Virginia Area - Acquired skills for working in a team oriented environment- Learned to recognize and anticipate work needs to maintain steady work pace- Memorized and completed instructions given by employer Accounts Payable Intern Company Name Cherwell Software Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Colorado Springs, Colorado Area - Prepared Checks for owed invoices of the company- Entered new invoices into accounting software and reviewed employee expense reports- Management of time sensitive excel projects for company's CFO- Learned better time management and event planning skills while working with other interns in the company to plan and run the annual company picnic. Education Liberty University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.20 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Prayer and Life Group Leader, Accounting Society, Accounting Tutor Sand Creek High School Degree Name High School Field Of Study 9th-12th grade Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Sunnyside Christian Church Dates volunteered Oct 2010 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 5 yrs 3 mos - Assisted in the management of technical aspects for Thursday worship rehearsals, and Sunday morning worship service.- Operated sound and media equipment during the production of church drama ministry and worship events.- Communicated with volunteer staff to help in aspects of church services including stage production Student Leadership Company Name Liberty University Dates volunteered Aug 2014 – May 2015 Volunteer duration 10 mos I worked as a prayer and lifegroup leader for Liberty University's Office of Student Leadership. During this time I was responsible for leading a group of 5-7 men in a weekly bible study. The goal in this was to build these men up by developing and encouraging them to stay strong in their faith and do well in college. Accounting Tutor Company Name Liberty University Dates volunteered Aug 2015 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 5 mos Once a week during the school semester, I meet with a group of other accounting tutors to help students that are struggling with the Principles of Accounting courses. My job there is to help students understand not only how to do homework problems for the course, but also help them to obtain a better understanding of accounting concepts being taught in the course. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Austin Jacobson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Inventory Management See 1 endorsement for Inventory Management 1 Inventory Management James Hladek has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Austin Jacobson and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brent has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Advanced Accounting Auditing Capstone: Accounting, Economics, and Finance Corporate Finance Cost Accounting Intermediate Accounting 1 Intermediate Accounting 2 Non Profit Accounting Taxation 1 Brent has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Bill.com Guru Certification Intacct Accounting Specialist Brent has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Accounting 4 DC 23 followers Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) 113,924 followers Sodexo 290,052 followers Tate & Tryon, CPAs & Consultants 832 followers Kinder Morgan, Inc. 66,017 followers Cherwell Software 10,726 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Locke Accountant at Custom Business & Tax Solutions, Inc. Custom Business & Tax Solutions, Inc. Indianapolis, Indiana Area 82 82 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Custom Business & Tax Solutions, Inc. Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 6 endorsements for General Ledger 6 General Ledger Andrew Short and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 6 endorsements for Bookkeeping 6 Bookkeeping Branislav Jordanovic and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 5 Account Reconciliation K Denise Schulz and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Nikolaos has a account Nikolaos Klarakis tax accountant klarakis nikolaos I.E.K Greece 20 20 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name klarakis nikolaos Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Location Thoukididou 54 Piraeus Education I.E.K Field Of Study Tax accountant Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Studies at the Open University Greek Business administration Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Yannis Dedes has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Lydia R has a account Lydia R Gonzales President at Paradigm Bookkeeping & Tax Services, Inc. Paradigm Bookkeeping & Tax Services, Inc. International Business College19 Pico Rivera, California 16 16 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience President Company Name Paradigm Bookkeeping & Tax Services, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos Been self employed as Accountant since 1972, incorporated business in 2004. Enjoyed working with small business and individuals who have started as clients and became my friends. Recap income and expenses for the preparation of their income taxes and related reports to government entities. Secretarial duties when needed. Education International Business College19 Field Of Study Accounting and Related Services Dates attended or expected graduation 1957 – 1959 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Paid2Save 22 members Charles Schwab 98,043 followers
More Actions June (Yun) has a account June (Yun) Hostetter, CPA Senior Accountant at Intermolecular, Inc. Intermolecular San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a CPA currently pursuing the MS Taxation program at San Jose State University. I have experience in assisting and preparing tax filings for a US subsidiary of a multinational company and volunteering for the IRS VITA program. I am proficient in tax research and planning and interested in working in taxation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Intermolecular Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Jose, California Intermolecular is a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: IMI) specialized in advanced material innovation R&D.• Assist in developing SOX 404 compliant financial statements and coordinate with R&D engineering team and multinational corporate clients to ensure revenue recognition under GAAP. • Attend and complete internal audit activities, and assist external auditor teams. • Perform cost and benefit analysis for new projects and capital acquisitions.• Coordinate quarterly reviews by accruing costs and providing periodic variances for fixed assets and inventory. • Record and allocate sales and user tax for over 20 projects. Review and report the tax filing to the state agency. VITA Volunteer Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Provided free tax return services to qualified individuals and families using TaxSlayer. Senior Accountant Company Name NeoSpeech, Inc. Dates Employed May 2008 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Location Santa Clara, California NeoSpeech is a subsidiary of HOYA Corporation.• Presented U.S. GAAP-based revenue recognition principle to the top corporate executives and the board of the directors.• Prepared royalty tax payments and filed annual withholding taxes for US income of the foreign entities (Form 1042).• Managed the timely and successful completion of internal audit engagements.• Collaborated with external CPAs to file corporate taxes and make the estimated quarterly tax payments. Education San Jose State University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Grade In Progress Claremont Graduate University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 Volunteer Experience Volunteer for local running events Company Name Running Events Cause Social Services Course monitoring and traffic controls during the races. Volunteer Company Name Habitat for Humanity Silicon Valley Cause Social Services Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills RIA Checkpoint RIA Checkpoint Click and drag to reorder skills CCH Intelliconnect CCH Intelliconnect Click and drag to reorder skills TaxSlayer TaxSlayer Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Gerd Graumann Founder and CEO at evivecare August 17, 2015, Gerd worked with June (Yun) but at different companies It’s not often that you come across a standout talent like June. I had the pleasure of working with June for almost seven years as a business partner, while she had different responsibilities and roles at NeoSpeech. I was particularly impressed by June's ability to handle even the toughest clients with great relationship skills —and at the same time she effortlessly handles complex accounting tasks with great analytic skills. No matter how tough the situation was, she handled it always in a positive way. Any company would be lucky to have June on the team.Gerd GraumannPresident Speech Technology Group Vincent Kenny Director, DataCenter Operations at Veeva Systems December 18, 2012, June (Yun) worked with Vincent but at different companies Vincent is passionate about his work. He is highly goal-oriented, and I am pleased to have the opportunity to work with him. Accomplishments June (Yun) has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations CalCPA AICPA Beta Alpha Psi June (Yun) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean June (Yun) has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CA) Interests AICPA 60,328 followers Deloitte 2,201,895 followers Alvarez & Marsal 34,968 followers PwC 1,356,127 followers Armanino LLP 6,793 followers Claremont Graduate University 11,291 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Richard Orellana, Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA - TriFlex Staffing Solutions. Volunteer - United Way Project Blueprint Alumni Advisory Council TriFlex Staffing Solutions University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail TriFlex Staffing Solutions specializes in serving tax professionals within the energy industry in the Greater Houston area in the following areas of federal, state and international tax for corporate and partnership entities. We connect hiring companies to talented energy tax professionals who have the following type of experience: tax compliance, FAS 109, FIN 48, Audit, SOX, sales and use, tax research and tax planning. President and founder of TriFlex Staffing Solutions, LLC, Houston native Richard Orellana has been a Texas-certified CPA since 1998 and has more than 12 years of tax experience in federal, state and international taxation. He holds a BBA in Accounting and Finance from the University of Houston. His genuine interest in helping others doesn’t end with business, either. Richard serves on the United Way Young Leaders Council, Houston CPA Society’s Public Relations Committee Chair and is a board member leading the community service initiatives for both the University of Houston’s Bauer College Alumni Association and ALPFA (Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting). He is also the founder of Volunteer Opportunities in Houston (formed in 2008). As founder of VOH he is responsible for coordinating large group volunteer events that serve many different causes for the 500 plus members on a bi-monthly basis. He is also a competitive athlete, having completed numerous marathons and 2 Ironman Triathlons. He applies the same level of discipline and dedication that have made him successful in sports to overcome the challenges presented by hiring companies and talent. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Richard’s Articles 3/31 Mega Networking Happy Hour + 4 Non-Profit Young Professional Groups (Big Brothers Big Sisters + Child Advocates + Discover U + Houston Food Bank) Richard Orellana, Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 25, 2016 See all articles Experience President - Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA Company Name TriFlex Staffing Solutions Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos President and Founder of TriFlex Staffing Solutions, LLC which is a staffing firm specializing in serving the energy tax industry in the Greater Houston area. Our mission is to leverage our commitment to service with our powerful professional network of talented energy tax professionals and hiring companies, to offer flexible solutions that work for our clients. We offer talented energy tax professionals that we represent a more strategic job search. By listening to you to determine your needs and then “going to work for you,” we are dedicated to finding the right opportunity based on your personal criteria. We provide hiring companies a select group of talented professionals, carefully chosen to meet their current and ongoing staffing needs at all levels of their organization. After working over 12 years as a tax CPA, I came to a point in my career where I knew that I could better use my expertise and professional network to serve talented tax professionals at all phases of their career, as well as the companies that might benefit from their talent. Our executive leadership team is comprised of 3 highly experienced tax professionals and we have known each other for more than 10 years. Between us, Lanette Earnest, Dub Morris & myself we have approximately 45 years of combined tax experience. At TriFlex, we view both of the groups we serve as our clients. Whether you’re a talented energy tax professional interested in new opportunities or a company interested in hiring these talented professionals, TriFlex is committed to serving you.Please contact me to learn how we can tailor strong solutions to your career or business goals.Richard Orellana, CPArichard.orellana@triflexstaffing.comCell: 832.443.3318 Tax CPA - Contractor Company Name Invesco (fka AIM Investments) Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Tax CPA - Contractor Company Name Enron Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Sr. Accountant - Tax Fixed Assets CPA Company Name Oxy Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Lead Tax Accountant - CPA Company Name AIM Investments Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 Activities and Societies: Hispanic Business Student Association Volunteer Experience Online Mentor Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of America Dates volunteered Feb 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 5 mos Cause Children Project Blueprint Alumni Advisory Council Company Name United Way of Greater Houston Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Houston Chapter - Board / Committee Member - Community Service Committee Company Name ALPFA, Inc - Association of Latino Professionals For America Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 108 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by James Bressingham CPA,CFP and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 83 endorsements for Accounting 83 Accounting Endorsed by Stephen King, CPA, CGMA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 65 endorsements for CPA 65 CPA Endorsed by Stephen King, CPA, CGMA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards United Way Project Blueprint Leadership Program - 2015 Dorothy F. Caram Commitment to Leadership Award Houston CPA Society - 2012/2013 Committee Chair of the Year Houston CPA Society - 2011/2012 Rookie of the Year Texas Society of CPAs - 2012 Rising Star Ironman Triathlon - 2nd Ironman Ironman Triathlon - 1st Ironman Richard has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications United Way Project Blueprint Leadership Program - Non-Profit Board Service Training Texas CPA - Certified Public Accountant Richard has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests LyondellBasell 56,724 followers Schlumberger 1,039,332 followers Anadarko Petroleum Corporation 155,146 followers UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants 13,189 followers SHRM 200,272 followers University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business 20,154 followers See all See all following
More Actions Erica has a account Erica Brown, CPA Owner, Dynasty Accounting & Tax Associates, Inc Dynasty Accounting & Tax Associates, Inc Penn State University West Palm Beach, Florida Area 79 79 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name Dynasty Accounting & Tax Associates, Inc Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Coconut Creek, FL . Company Name Sawyer & Latimer, P.A. Dates Employed 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior Accountant Company Name Bernard A Fagnani & CO., CPAs Dates Employed 2006 – 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs •Prepare monthly bank, credit card, and general ledger reconciliations•Process payroll and prepare related deposits, quarterly payroll tax returns, and end of year filings•Prepare and file monthly sales/use tax returns•Prepare monthly and quarterly financial statements and provide interpretation of performance•Ensure accurate and timely monthly, quarterly, and year end close •Resolve accounting discrepancies and irregularities on a timely basis•Prepare annual 1099s•Prepare tax projections and implement strategic tax planning•Assist with the creation of a chart of accounts and train staff on proper recording•Ensure financial records maintained in compliance with accepted policies and procedures •Prepare corporate, small business, and individual income tax returns. •Work with Federal, State, and Local taxing authorities to resolve tax issues and assist with audits•Train and supervise new hires Staff Assistant Company Name Senator Arlen Specter Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Worked as the liaison between constituents and federal agencies to resolve issues. Represented the Senator at various events throughout the county. Education Penn State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration, Finance Grade 3.74/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Blue & White Society Light the Night Business Club Southern New Hampshire University Degree Name Master of Accountancy & Taxation Field Of Study Accounting and Taxation Grade 3.73/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by David Akins and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 11 endorsements for Financial Statements 11 Financial Statements Lauren Baker and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 11 endorsements for QuickBooks 11 QuickBooks Endorsed by David Akins, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Erica has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Professional Bookkeeper National Association of Tax Preparers QBO QuickBooks Proadvisor Interests Accounting Today | Discussion Group 20,407 members Finance/Accounting Consultants Group 56,749 members Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,816,226 followers Accounting Today 428,441 followers Business Advisory Professionals 2,012 members Southern New Hampshire University 93,586 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raul has a account Raul Rodriguez Jr., CPA Vice President Corporate Development at AutoNation AutoNation Florida International University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Corporate development and finance (CPA) executive with leadership experience in the development and execution of the external growth strategy. Extensive strategic market planning and investigation, mergers and acquistions (M&A,) divestiture and greenfield development experience in a highly disciplined and strategic capital allocation process. Advisor and business partner to executive and senior business unit management in multiple organizations across several industries. Strong finance and accounting foundation with former Big 6 firm. Specialties: Strategic market planning, new market study and investigation, market intelligence, market business risk assessment, evaluation of underperforming business units, pro-forma and sensitivity modeling, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, anti-trust, contract negotiation, greenfield development, due diligence, integration, development and use of high quality analytics, development of policies and tools See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Corporate Development Company Name AutoNation Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Vice President Corporate Development Industries & Facilities North America Company Name Bureau Veritas Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Fort Lauderdale, Florida Bureau Veritas, Inc.Leading global provider of conformity assessment and quality assurances services.Responsible for leading market strategy and M&A efforts for the Industries and Facilities North America division. Senior Director Corporate Development Company Name Republic Services Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Republic Services, Inc.Second largest provider of non-hazardous solid waste services in North America. Achieved vigorous growth through disciplined acquisitions and organic growth initiatives from $50M in revenue in 1995 to over $8B in projected revenue for 2009. Successfully merged in late 2008 with Allied Waste Industries in a $4.5B transaction. Widely considered the best managed solid waste company in the industry, Republic has been named by Forbes Magazine as “One of America’s Best Managed Companies” and “Most Shareholder Friendly” by Institutional Investor Magazine.Responsibe for leading development and execution of market and growth strategy, including strategic market planning, market and business unit assessments, mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and greenfield development transactions (closed over 100 transactions); advisor and business partner to executive corporate and senior business unit management team on all strategic market and corporate development matters. Recent accomplishments include:• Led divestiture of mandated United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) divestiture assets resulting from the $4.5B merger of Republic and Allied, involving assets in 15 geographic markets with $200M in annual revenue. Proceeds of approximately $475 million were materially above expectations.• Led business strategy, planning and successful negotiation with the Department of Justice in connection with the $4.5B merger of Republic and Allied. Resulting mandated divestitures were materially below Republic’s pro-forma estimates. • Led strategic evaluation of overseas market and business unit resulting in action plan to mitigate risk and position business to secure future growth opportunties • Developed and rolled-out strategic market planning tool and incorporated tool into annual budgeting process and monthly operating reviews. Audit and Business Advisory Services Manager Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Aug 1992 – Mar 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Led audit and consulting engagements for broad range of clients including multinational manufacturer and distributor of health care and scientific research equipment, multinational producer and distributor of fresh fruit products and several international banking agencies and branches. Promoted to Audit and Business Advisory Services Manager on an accelerated timetable. Developed strong accounting and finance foundation while being exposed to complex businesses and a wide array of accounting and business issues. Extensive audit experience with international businesses. Education Florida International University Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Member of Beta Alpha Psi Graduated with highest honors. Selected to attend the Arthur Andersen Leadership Conference. Recipient of Coopers &amp; Lybrand academic scholarship and Accounting Excellence Award - Dade Chapter of FICPA Miami Dade College Degree Name Associate in Arts Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Played baseball for Coach Demie Manieri Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) David Reed Shareholder at Spotts Fain PC September 21, 2009, David worked with Raul in different groups I had the honor of working with Raul as an outside attorney for Republic Services, Inc. for many years. Raul has a unique ability to understand both the business and legal issues present in transactions, and find common sense solutions to allow deals to close quickly. As an outside attorney, it is rare to find someone with Raul's corporate experience, and ability to resolve complex transactional issues. His leadership skills and business acumen provide a distinct advantage over the competition, and produce results which benefit the client. Brian Bales Executive Vice President, Chief Development Officer at Republic Services September 14, 2009, Brian managed Raul directly For the last 11 years, Raul reported directly to me in my capacity as Executive Vice President of Business Development for Republic Services, Inc. Raul's responsibilities included all forms of business development transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, infrastructure development and governmental relationships, as well as, managing the market planning process. In his role, Raul was instrumental in leading multifunctional teams and evaluated many highly complex transactions. Raul's passion for excellence, strong finance and accounting foundation, ability to build relationships, and effectively operate across all business allowed Raul to escalate to his leadership position within Republic. In that regard, I highly recommend Raul for consideration in a senior financial executive role. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Jon Pensirikul M&A | FP&A at World Fuel Services January 24, 2012, Raul managed Jon directly Jon is an instrumental part of the Bureau Veritas (BV) Corporate Development team. His work has ranged from acquisition target identification and analysis, market studies and competitive intelligence gathering, all critical processes in the execution of the external growth strategy at BV. Jon's demonstrated an admirable work ethic and has always been willing to go to the next level to achieve the project objective. He's a strong team player with a great attitude and has been a pleasure to work with. Steven Taylor Experienced in Environmental Market Studies and Financial Analysis. September 21, 2010, Raul worked with Steven in different groups I had the pleasure of working closely with Steve for over 10 years in a growing and dynamic organization. Steve was instrumental in the strategic, operational and compliance evaluation of numerous solid waste disposal assets in connection with acquisition and greenfield development transactions. In addition to strong project management skills, Steve possesses excellent analytical and due diligence skills and an in-depth understanding of regulatory and compliance matters. Steve is a team player with a roll-up the sleeves attitude to get the job done. He was clearly a valuable leader and asset for Republic Services. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,033 members Miami Finance Forum 1,949 members Finance Club 1,037,898 members A/E Growth & Ownership Strategies Group 1,381 members Florida International University 172,705 followers AutoNation 26,772 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nikolaos has a account Nikolaos Klarakis tax accountant klarakis nikolaos I.E.K Greece 20 20 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name klarakis nikolaos Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Location Thoukididou 54 Piraeus Education I.E.K Field Of Study Tax accountant Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Studies at the Open University Greek Business administration Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Yannis Dedes has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Richard has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Richard Orellana, Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA - TriFlex Staffing Solutions. Volunteer - United Way Project Blueprint Alumni Advisory Council TriFlex Staffing Solutions University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail TriFlex Staffing Solutions specializes in serving tax professionals within the energy industry in the Greater Houston area in the following areas of federal, state and international tax for corporate and partnership entities. We connect hiring companies to talented energy tax professionals who have the following type of experience: tax compliance, FAS 109, FIN 48, Audit, SOX, sales and use, tax research and tax planning. President and founder of TriFlex Staffing Solutions, LLC, Houston native Richard Orellana has been a Texas-certified CPA since 1998 and has more than 12 years of tax experience in federal, state and international taxation. He holds a BBA in Accounting and Finance from the University of Houston. His genuine interest in helping others doesn’t end with business, either. Richard serves on the United Way Young Leaders Council, Houston CPA Society’s Public Relations Committee Chair and is a board member leading the community service initiatives for both the University of Houston’s Bauer College Alumni Association and ALPFA (Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting). He is also the founder of Volunteer Opportunities in Houston (formed in 2008). As founder of VOH he is responsible for coordinating large group volunteer events that serve many different causes for the 500 plus members on a bi-monthly basis. He is also a competitive athlete, having completed numerous marathons and 2 Ironman Triathlons. He applies the same level of discipline and dedication that have made him successful in sports to overcome the challenges presented by hiring companies and talent. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Richard’s Articles 3/31 Mega Networking Happy Hour + 4 Non-Profit Young Professional Groups (Big Brothers Big Sisters + Child Advocates + Discover U + Houston Food Bank) Richard Orellana, Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 25, 2016 See all articles Experience President - Energy Tax Recruiter, CPA Company Name TriFlex Staffing Solutions Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos President and Founder of TriFlex Staffing Solutions, LLC which is a staffing firm specializing in serving the energy tax industry in the Greater Houston area. Our mission is to leverage our commitment to service with our powerful professional network of talented energy tax professionals and hiring companies, to offer flexible solutions that work for our clients. We offer talented energy tax professionals that we represent a more strategic job search. By listening to you to determine your needs and then “going to work for you,” we are dedicated to finding the right opportunity based on your personal criteria. We provide hiring companies a select group of talented professionals, carefully chosen to meet their current and ongoing staffing needs at all levels of their organization. After working over 12 years as a tax CPA, I came to a point in my career where I knew that I could better use my expertise and professional network to serve talented tax professionals at all phases of their career, as well as the companies that might benefit from their talent. Our executive leadership team is comprised of 3 highly experienced tax professionals and we have known each other for more than 10 years. Between us, Lanette Earnest, Dub Morris & myself we have approximately 45 years of combined tax experience. At TriFlex, we view both of the groups we serve as our clients. Whether you’re a talented energy tax professional interested in new opportunities or a company interested in hiring these talented professionals, TriFlex is committed to serving you.Please contact me to learn how we can tailor strong solutions to your career or business goals.Richard Orellana, CPArichard.orellana@triflexstaffing.comCell: 832.443.3318 Tax CPA - Contractor Company Name Invesco (fka AIM Investments) Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Tax CPA - Contractor Company Name Enron Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Sr. Accountant - Tax Fixed Assets CPA Company Name Oxy Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Lead Tax Accountant - CPA Company Name AIM Investments Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 Activities and Societies: Hispanic Business Student Association Volunteer Experience Online Mentor Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of America Dates volunteered Feb 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 5 mos Cause Children Project Blueprint Alumni Advisory Council Company Name United Way of Greater Houston Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Houston Chapter - Board / Committee Member - Community Service Committee Company Name ALPFA, Inc - Association of Latino Professionals For America Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 108 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by James Bressingham CPA,CFP and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 83 endorsements for Accounting 83 Accounting Endorsed by Stephen King, CPA, CGMA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 65 endorsements for CPA 65 CPA Endorsed by Stephen King, CPA, CGMA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Richard’s colleagues at Enron Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards United Way Project Blueprint Leadership Program - 2015 Dorothy F. Caram Commitment to Leadership Award Houston CPA Society - 2012/2013 Committee Chair of the Year Houston CPA Society - 2011/2012 Rookie of the Year Texas Society of CPAs - 2012 Rising Star Ironman Triathlon - 2nd Ironman Ironman Triathlon - 1st Ironman Richard has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications United Way Project Blueprint Leadership Program - Non-Profit Board Service Training Texas CPA - Certified Public Accountant Richard has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Hein & Associates 3,733 followers Apache Corporation 105,002 followers ALPFA.org | Latino Professionals For America [Latinos Latina Hispanic Latin American Leadership] 27,608 members ExxonMobil 923,996 followers KBR, Inc. 227,333 followers Hispanic Professionals 27,022 members See all See all following
More Actions Raul has a account Raul Rodriguez Jr., CPA Vice President Corporate Development at AutoNation AutoNation Florida International University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Corporate development and finance (CPA) executive with leadership experience in the development and execution of the external growth strategy. Extensive strategic market planning and investigation, mergers and acquistions (M&A,) divestiture and greenfield development experience in a highly disciplined and strategic capital allocation process. Advisor and business partner to executive and senior business unit management in multiple organizations across several industries. Strong finance and accounting foundation with former Big 6 firm. Specialties: Strategic market planning, new market study and investigation, market intelligence, market business risk assessment, evaluation of underperforming business units, pro-forma and sensitivity modeling, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, anti-trust, contract negotiation, greenfield development, due diligence, integration, development and use of high quality analytics, development of policies and tools See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Corporate Development Company Name AutoNation Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Vice President Corporate Development Industries & Facilities North America Company Name Bureau Veritas Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Fort Lauderdale, Florida Bureau Veritas, Inc.Leading global provider of conformity assessment and quality assurances services.Responsible for leading market strategy and M&A efforts for the Industries and Facilities North America division. Senior Director Corporate Development Company Name Republic Services Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Republic Services, Inc.Second largest provider of non-hazardous solid waste services in North America. Achieved vigorous growth through disciplined acquisitions and organic growth initiatives from $50M in revenue in 1995 to over $8B in projected revenue for 2009. Successfully merged in late 2008 with Allied Waste Industries in a $4.5B transaction. Widely considered the best managed solid waste company in the industry, Republic has been named by Forbes Magazine as “One of America’s Best Managed Companies” and “Most Shareholder Friendly” by Institutional Investor Magazine.Responsibe for leading development and execution of market and growth strategy, including strategic market planning, market and business unit assessments, mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and greenfield development transactions (closed over 100 transactions); advisor and business partner to executive corporate and senior business unit management team on all strategic market and corporate development matters. Recent accomplishments include:• Led divestiture of mandated United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) divestiture assets resulting from the $4.5B merger of Republic and Allied, involving assets in 15 geographic markets with $200M in annual revenue. Proceeds of approximately $475 million were materially above expectations.• Led business strategy, planning and successful negotiation with the Department of Justice in connection with the $4.5B merger of Republic and Allied. Resulting mandated divestitures were materially below Republic’s pro-forma estimates. • Led strategic evaluation of overseas market and business unit resulting in action plan to mitigate risk and position business to secure future growth opportunties • Developed and rolled-out strategic market planning tool and incorporated tool into annual budgeting process and monthly operating reviews. Audit and Business Advisory Services Manager Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Aug 1992 – Mar 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Led audit and consulting engagements for broad range of clients including multinational manufacturer and distributor of health care and scientific research equipment, multinational producer and distributor of fresh fruit products and several international banking agencies and branches. Promoted to Audit and Business Advisory Services Manager on an accelerated timetable. Developed strong accounting and finance foundation while being exposed to complex businesses and a wide array of accounting and business issues. Extensive audit experience with international businesses. Education Florida International University Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Member of Beta Alpha Psi Graduated with highest honors. Selected to attend the Arthur Andersen Leadership Conference. Recipient of Coopers &amp; Lybrand academic scholarship and Accounting Excellence Award - Dade Chapter of FICPA Miami Dade College Degree Name Associate in Arts Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Played baseball for Coach Demie Manieri Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) David Reed Shareholder at Spotts Fain PC September 21, 2009, David worked with Raul in different groups I had the honor of working with Raul as an outside attorney for Republic Services, Inc. for many years. Raul has a unique ability to understand both the business and legal issues present in transactions, and find common sense solutions to allow deals to close quickly. As an outside attorney, it is rare to find someone with Raul's corporate experience, and ability to resolve complex transactional issues. His leadership skills and business acumen provide a distinct advantage over the competition, and produce results which benefit the client. Brian Bales Executive Vice President, Chief Development Officer at Republic Services September 14, 2009, Brian managed Raul directly For the last 11 years, Raul reported directly to me in my capacity as Executive Vice President of Business Development for Republic Services, Inc. Raul's responsibilities included all forms of business development transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, infrastructure development and governmental relationships, as well as, managing the market planning process. In his role, Raul was instrumental in leading multifunctional teams and evaluated many highly complex transactions. Raul's passion for excellence, strong finance and accounting foundation, ability to build relationships, and effectively operate across all business allowed Raul to escalate to his leadership position within Republic. In that regard, I highly recommend Raul for consideration in a senior financial executive role. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Jon Pensirikul M&A | FP&A at World Fuel Services January 24, 2012, Raul managed Jon directly Jon is an instrumental part of the Bureau Veritas (BV) Corporate Development team. His work has ranged from acquisition target identification and analysis, market studies and competitive intelligence gathering, all critical processes in the execution of the external growth strategy at BV. Jon's demonstrated an admirable work ethic and has always been willing to go to the next level to achieve the project objective. He's a strong team player with a great attitude and has been a pleasure to work with. Steven Taylor Experienced in Environmental Market Studies and Financial Analysis. September 21, 2010, Raul worked with Steven in different groups I had the pleasure of working closely with Steve for over 10 years in a growing and dynamic organization. Steve was instrumental in the strategic, operational and compliance evaluation of numerous solid waste disposal assets in connection with acquisition and greenfield development transactions. In addition to strong project management skills, Steve possesses excellent analytical and due diligence skills and an in-depth understanding of regulatory and compliance matters. Steve is a team player with a roll-up the sleeves attitude to get the job done. He was clearly a valuable leader and asset for Republic Services. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Florida International University 183,197 followers Corporate M&A and Capital Markets 12,004 members AutoNation 26,772 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Institute for Strategic Negotiations 1,227 members Miami Dade College 128,612 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Wood Lead Tax Analyst at Harris Corporation Harris Corporation The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Houston, Texas Area 126 126 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Lead Tax Analyst Company Name Harris Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Melbourne, Florida Area Work on quarterly provision, field research for R&D credits, revenue recognition & Sec. 199 credit. Tax Manager Company Name Transocean Dates Employed May 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Houston, Texas Area US tax compliance for all federal consolidated returns, withholding tax returns, state tax returns, excise tax returns, treasury bank account reporting, sale & use questions, and property tax renditions. Lead Tax Analyst - Provision Company Name Transocean Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos US Provision Group - Tax Stream administrator for International Compliance. G&A allocation schedules, transfer pricing calculations, valuation allowance rolls, preparation of one of our U.S. consolidated group quarterly provision. preparing the US portions of the consolidated annual and quarterly global tax provision, calculating the US effective tax rate Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name Guaranty Bank Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Austin, Texas Area Prepared federal & state returns. Prepared quarterly provision (FAS109). Tax Accountant II Company Name Temple-Inland Dates Employed May 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos • The preparation of quarterly and annual tax returns for Guaranty Bank and the Forest Division returns.• The preparation of individual and combined state returns for all Temple-Inland entities. Temple Inland prepared 58 federal proforma returns and 260 state filings.• Assist in acquiring and analyzing data needed for state and federal audits.• Tracking FAS109 balances to calculate deferred income taxes for the financials. See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name MPA Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Ken’s colleagues at Transocean Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 4 endorsements for Income Tax 4 Income Tax Patrick Furino and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation Patrick Furino and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ken has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,076 followers The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 44,310 followers Transocean 217,963 followers Harris Corporation 84,206 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Brennan Director of Ministry Operations at St Johns Lutheran Church and School Patrick J Brennan Consulting/Income Tax Service University of Redlands Orange County, California Area 220 220 connections Send InMail Senior Financial Manager with 28 years of diverse experience in the food service/hospitality, Manufacturing, construction, and staffing industries. Demonstrated “hands-on” leadership and success as CFO/Controller working with and on executive teams and projects. Proven track record of accomplishment in identifying and responding to operational opportunities leading to cost savings and increased revenue and profit. Known as a team leader with the ability to build and mentor high performance cross functional teams. BS, Finance & Management Specialties: Leadership ~ Operations Management ~ Strategic Planning ~ M&A Forecasting ~ Financial Analysis & Reporting ~ Profit & Revenue Growth See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Patrick J Brennan Consulting/Income Tax Service Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Accounting and Income Tax Consulting Business (Enrolled Agent) Anaheim, California• Strategic Planning, Cash Flow Management, Forecasting and Budgeting• Financial Statement Preparation and Analysis• Revenue Enhancement/Profit Reduction/Process Improvement• Income Tax Service and Planning Director of Ministry Operations Company Name St Johns Lutheran Church and School Dates Employed May 2011 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Lead Church and School Business Operations Chief Financial Officer Company Name StaffChex, Inc Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Responsible for financial analysis/reporting and operations/administration for $65M regional staffing services organization with 16 branches in four states. Produced financial statements and provided strategic planning, forecasting, budgets and financial projections. Supervised approximately 10 employees in Accounting, Administration, IT and Risk Management.• Led and negotiated acquisition of six Staffing offices located in Northern California region including management of “Due Diligence” process. This resulted in increase in organizational sales from $35M to $65M, net profit before taxes at 3% and 85% growth in business.• Developed strategic long and short term business plans for organization and obtained “Prime” Rate Line of credit and relationship with Wells Fargo Bank. This led to 6% reduction in interest charges and $300K improvement in net operating profit.• Negotiated favorable Workers Compensation premium policy from national carrier, resulting in a reduction of cost from 12% to 4%, improving net profit by $1M annually. Senior Tax Preparer Company Name H & R Block Dates Employed 1996 – 2009 Employment Duration 13 yrs Built dynamic business in executing values and mission statement of company. Focused on delivering excellent client value and service. Assisted management in training and mentoring new tax professionals. Chief Financial Officer Company Name Cell-Crete Corporation Dates Employed Apr 1997 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Chief Financial OfficerResponsible for leading and managing Finance and Administration functions for $30M specialty concrete sub-contractor in multi-geographic and multi-company environment. Directly supervised 20+ employees including finance, operations and administrative personnel. Devised cash management, forecasting and projection systems that became company standard. • Researched and implemented construction software job cost tracking system to meet the needs of multi-geographical Western Regional operations to identify contribution causes by project and customer account. This resulted in elimination of non-profitable products, reducing overall product cost by 3% or $450K annually.• Negotiated and obtained favorable business insurance policies with reputable national carriers that brought notoriety to organization and increased organization net operation profit by $500K. See more positions Education University of Redlands Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Graduated in August of 1991 University of Redlands Degree Name Bachelor of Science Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 22 endorsements for Leadership 22 Leadership Endorsed by Roosevelt Tabb, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 14 endorsements for Budgets 14 Budgets Moises Martin Ponce and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 11 endorsements for Strategic Planning 11 Strategic Planning John Gunnison and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) David Brown Owner, RiverCity Benefits and Insurance Services December 9, 2010, David worked with Patrick but at different companies Patrick is dependable honest and trustworthy. Patrick always told me the facts and then did what he said he would do. It is refreshing to find someone like that in current business climate. David Brown Owner, RiverCity Benefits and Insurance Services January 22, 2013, Patrick was a client of David’s David represented StaffChex and expertly supported our Health Insurance requirements. He was extremely professional in providing many options and solutions. It was a pleasure working with David, and he made it easy in navigating through all of the Health Insurance needs that our organization required. Accomplishments Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent, Income Tax Preparation Interests Aramark 128,268 followers University of Redlands 32,542 followers Pasternack Enterprises Inc 927 followers CellPoint Corp 454 followers Cell-Crete Corporation 353 followers SYSPRO USA 2,717 followers See all See all following
More Actions June (Yun) has a account June (Yun) Hostetter, CPA Senior Accountant at Intermolecular, Inc. Intermolecular San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a CPA currently pursuing the MS Taxation program at San Jose State University. I have experience in assisting and preparing tax filings for a US subsidiary of a multinational company and volunteering for the IRS VITA program. I am proficient in tax research and planning and interested in working in taxation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Intermolecular Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Jose, California Intermolecular is a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: IMI) specialized in advanced material innovation R&D.• Assist in developing SOX 404 compliant financial statements and coordinate with R&D engineering team and multinational corporate clients to ensure revenue recognition under GAAP. • Attend and complete internal audit activities, and assist external auditor teams. • Perform cost and benefit analysis for new projects and capital acquisitions.• Coordinate quarterly reviews by accruing costs and providing periodic variances for fixed assets and inventory. • Record and allocate sales and user tax for over 20 projects. Review and report the tax filing to the state agency. VITA Volunteer Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Provided free tax return services to qualified individuals and families using TaxSlayer. Senior Accountant Company Name NeoSpeech, Inc. Dates Employed May 2008 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Location Santa Clara, California NeoSpeech is a subsidiary of HOYA Corporation.• Presented U.S. GAAP-based revenue recognition principle to the top corporate executives and the board of the directors.• Prepared royalty tax payments and filed annual withholding taxes for US income of the foreign entities (Form 1042).• Managed the timely and successful completion of internal audit engagements.• Collaborated with external CPAs to file corporate taxes and make the estimated quarterly tax payments. Education San Jose State University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Grade In Progress Claremont Graduate University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 Volunteer Experience Volunteer for local running events Company Name Running Events Cause Social Services Course monitoring and traffic controls during the races. Volunteer Company Name Habitat for Humanity Silicon Valley Cause Social Services Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills RIA Checkpoint RIA Checkpoint Click and drag to reorder skills CCH Intelliconnect CCH Intelliconnect Click and drag to reorder skills TaxSlayer TaxSlayer Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Gerd Graumann Founder and CEO at evivecare August 17, 2015, Gerd worked with June (Yun) but at different companies It’s not often that you come across a standout talent like June. I had the pleasure of working with June for almost seven years as a business partner, while she had different responsibilities and roles at NeoSpeech. I was particularly impressed by June's ability to handle even the toughest clients with great relationship skills —and at the same time she effortlessly handles complex accounting tasks with great analytic skills. No matter how tough the situation was, she handled it always in a positive way. Any company would be lucky to have June on the team.Gerd GraumannPresident Speech Technology Group Vincent Kenny Director, DataCenter Operations at Veeva Systems December 18, 2012, June (Yun) worked with Vincent but at different companies Vincent is passionate about his work. He is highly goal-oriented, and I am pleased to have the opportunity to work with him. Accomplishments June (Yun) has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations CalCPA AICPA Beta Alpha Psi June (Yun) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean June (Yun) has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CA) Interests San Jose State University 252,257 followers AICPA 60,328 followers Deloitte 2,201,895 followers Claremont Graduate University 11,291 followers Armanino LLP 6,793 followers Alvarez & Marsal 34,968 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Rees CPA Senior Consultant, Sage X3 Sage Software California State University-Northridge Greater Los Angeles Area 334 334 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Consultant, Sage X3 ERP Company Name Sage Software Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Senior Financial Consultant for Sage X3 ERP system providing implementation, support, and technical services to customers of Sage. Manager, MAS 500 Professional Services Group Company Name Sage Software Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Manager of Sage MAS 500 Professional Services Group providing consulting services and implementation assistance to Sage MAS 500 Partners. Director of Consulting Services Company Name MKA Systems Consulting Dates Employed 1990 – 2005 Employment Duration 15 yrs Education California State University-Northridge Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Theory and Practice Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements ERP See 30 endorsements for ERP 30 ERP Mark Miller and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Implementation See 18 endorsements for Software Implementation 18 Software Implementation Endorsed by Kerry Mann and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of David’s colleagues at Sage Click and drag to reorder skills Consulting See 17 endorsements for Consulting 17 Consulting Endorsed by Stuart Blumenthal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of David’s colleagues at Sage Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jay Paquette ERP Consulting Manager at SYSPRO USA March 30, 2010, David managed Jay directly Jay is an awesome MAS 500 Consultant and Project Manager. He was one of the most capable implementation consultants I have ever worked with when I was Manager of the MAS 500 Professional Services Group, and has since taken charge of the group as interim Director since Ravi Deshmukh left. Despite the challenges that the group has faced with the recent cutbacks and layoffs at Sage, as well as the overall difficult economy, Jay has managed the task of keeping the MAS 500 group functioning and effective. Accomplishments Interests RKL eSolutions Sage X3 Group 480 members California State University, Northridge 169,580 followers Sage X3 Australian and New Zealand Network 716 members Sage 157,694 followers Networked Recruiter (63256+ total network) 3rd Largest Recruiting and HR & 2nd Largest Agency Group 130,678 members The Certified Public Accountants Group 10,510 members See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan N. has a account Jonathan N. Guikema Tax Accountant The Wilson Financial Group Inc Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business Greater Atlanta Area 74 74 connections Send InMail •Federal & multi-state tax compliance for several consolidated public corporations •Supervision & development of staff •FAS 109 tax provision preparation & review for public corporations – effective tax rate, deferred tax asset roll-forward, state provision, etc. •Provision to Return true up calculation •Create value strategically aligned to client objectives •International form preparation and review – Forms 5472, 8865, 1118 •Engagement management to include budgeting •Tax planning & research activities •Interaction with client executives & external audit team management •Provide IRS & DOR audit support •Review of separate, combined, & consolidated state returns •Tax footnote preparation & review Specialties: Tax Compliance & Tax Provision Services See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name The Wilson Financial Group Inc Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Suwanee, GA •Responsible for both the design & implementation of both accounting & tax procedures for a large subset of the Firm’s clients to ensure federal & state tax compliance for business clients including state municipality developers, auto dealerships, healthcare companies, manufacturers, physicians, etc.•Review of staff prepared financial compilations & preparer of reviewed financial statements Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Gentiva Health Services Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location ATLANTA, GA Senior Associate – Federal Tax, GENTIVA HEALTH SERVICES, INC.- Atlanta, GA •Federal compliance w/ revenue > 2 billion filing in > 40 states, including domestic 1120 consolidation of > 80 entities, 990, & partnership returns •State and local income/franchise tax compliance filing in > 200 jurisdictions •Supervision & development of tax staff •ASC 740 tax provision preparation •Provide IRS & DOR audit support •FIN 48 footnote calculation •Unclaimed property reporting > 40 states •Integration of Odyssey Healthcare, Inc. & Subsidiaries tax processes upon acquisition during August 2010. •Tax Research Projects •Tax, AMT, & State Fixed Asset Calculations to support 4562, 4797, 4626 Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Moore Stephens Tiller LLC Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Associate – Federal Tax, Grant Thornton LLP - Atlanta, GA•Federal & multi-state tax compliance for several consolidated public corporations w/ revenue > 1 billion filing in > 40 states.•Supervision & development of staff•FAS 109 tax provision preparation & review for public corporations – effective tax rate, deferred tax asset roll-forward, state provision, etc.•Provision to Return true up calculation•Create value strategically aligned to client objectives•International form preparation and review – Forms 5472, 8865, 1118•Engagement management to include budgeting•Tax planning & research activities•Interaction with client executives & external audit team management•Provide IRS & DOR audit support•Review of separate, combined, & consolidated state returns•FIN 48 Analysis•10Q & 10K Tax footnote preparation & review Tax Accountant Company Name Swart Baumruk & Company Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business Degree Name MACC Field Of Study Masters of Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Finance Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Micah Overmon and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Khush Bhatia and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Dean H. Kleyn and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration 17,980 followers Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business 13,879 followers Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business 14,168 followers University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration 18,211 followers
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Rausch Tax Accountant at Tax Accountant Tax Accountant Greater Detroit Area 10 10 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Tax Accountant Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Linda has a account Linda Harris National President at Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Montana State University-Billings Billings, Montana Area 323 323 connections Send InMail I have a BS in Accounting from Montana State University - Billings. I worked for a number of years for a small accounting practice in Laurel, Montana while I was obtaining my degree. In 1993 I opened my own practice in Absarokee, Montana. I specialize primarily in tax, but we also do payroll, compilations and business consulting. I have served on the Memorial Hospital Association board of directors since 2000 and I completed my third term as Board President in May, 2008. During my tenure, this Critical Access Hospital completed a joint venture with a major tertiary care center in Montana and began the process of replacing the aging facility. I was awarded the Volunteer fo the Year for 2007 from Beartooth Hospital and Health Center, the Regional Trustee of the Year for 2007 from Billings Clinic and the 2008 Montana Hospital Association Trustee of the Year award. In the spring of 2013 I received the Ben Karas Service award from the Memorial Hospital Association. I am also a member of the Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance (formerly ASWA), serving on numerous committees for the local chapter. I served on the national board of the AFWA Educational Foundation from 2005-2008 and was chair from 2005-2007. In 2004 I was the recipient of the national AFWA Educational Foundation Woman of the Year Balance Award. I am currently the National President for AFWA. I am also a member of the Montana Society of CPAs, currently serving on the Continuing Professional Education committee. In 2009, Montana Governor Schweitzer appointed me to the Montana Board of Public Accountants. I serviced as Board Chair for 2013-2014 and 2015-2016. Specialties: My firm specializes in individual, corporate and non-profit tax preparation. I also have experience in all aspects of small business operations - i.e. bookkeeping, payroll, computer consulting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience National President Company Name Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr CPA Company Name Linda E. Harris, CPA, PC Dates Employed Sep 1993 – Present Employment Duration 23 yrs 10 mos Owner of a small CPA firm in rural Montana with a heavy tax and compilation base practice. National Vice President Company Name Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Para Professional Company Name Mel Tiensvold, CPA, PC Dates Employed Sep 1982 – May 1990 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Education Montana State University-Billings Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Alpha Chi, Accounting Club Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 33 endorsements for CPA 33 CPA Robin Ostrum and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 24 endorsements for Bookkeeping 24 Bookkeeping Endorsed by Jeanine Buben, MT, EA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Linda’s colleagues at Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 22 endorsements for Tax Preparation 22 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Linda’s colleagues at Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Luzmila Mikulski-Culpepper LSM Business Solutions January 26, 2015, Linda managed Luzmila directly Luzmila is a very committed individual. When presented with a task she will see it through to its completion. Luzmila is my go to person if I need a task completed. Accomplishments Linda has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Beartooth Billings Clinic Montana Society of CPAs Linda has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2012 Karas Service Award Interests Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance 10,123 members American Society of Women Accountants 2,236 followers Montana State University Billings 10,837 followers Montana State University Billings Professional Networking Group 295 members Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance Des Moines (AFWA) 201 members AFWA - Region 6 - Northwest 540 members See all See all following
More Actions Lester A. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Lester A. Myers, Ph.D., J.D., CPA, CFF, CGMA President at Center of Concern Center of Concern Georgetown University Law Center Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Les Myers is President of Center of Concern, a Washington think tank that, since its founding in 1971 at the office of U.N. Secretary General U Thant by Joseph Bernardin and Pedro Arrupe, S.J., has researched, educated, and advocated from Catholic social tradition to create a world where economic, political, and cultural systems promote sustainable flourishing of the global community. Les has a background in strategy, ethics, law, and Catholic social thought. For over 30 years, he has served in leadership roles in public accounting, corporate, university teaching and administration, and social profit organization contexts, with experience in the financial, healthcare, telecommunications, environmental, and public sectors. He has focused on organizational integrity and responsibility, helping organizations promote principled leadership and ethical cultures; assess risks of fraud and misconduct; and design, implement, and evaluate ethics and compliance and other anti-fraud programs and controls to prevent, detect, and respond to such risks within the context of leading frameworks for organizational governance and internal control. His corporate citizenship services include stakeholder and public affairs matters involving sustainability, labor standards, consumer protection, financial integrity, and philanthropic engagement. Les is a Caux Round Table Fellow, Georgetown Law Center Corporate Counsel Institute Advisory Board member, and at-large representative on the County of Fairfax, Virginia, Board of Supervisors Audit Committee. He has studied and/or taught at four Jesuit universities, including Xavier University, from which he earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in business, and Georgetown University, from which he earned doctorates in philosophy and law. He publishes and speaks in scholarly and professional venues. His work includes multiple entries in the Encyclopedia of Business Ethics and Society and the Encyclopedia of White-collar and Corporate Crime. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lester A.’s Activity 1,504 followers I feel so lucky to be presenting with Denver Water and the North East Ohio Regional District on our recent rate communications research. Check us out at ACE 17! Lester A. liked The Larry Center fan club is now in session. Congrats on a long and successful career at the Georgetown University Law Center we will miss you ! Lester A. liked See all activity Experience President Company Name Center of Concern Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provides executive leadership for think tank that researches, educates, and advocates from Catholic social tradition to create a world where economic, political, and cultural systems promote sustainable flourishing of the global community. The Center envisions a world that upholds basic human rights and human dignity, fosters just relationships, promotes sustainable livelihoods, and renews the earth. A social enterprise for social justice, it seeks effective, scalable, and sustainable global transformation in social justice education; global finance and human rights; girls’ education and women’s empowerment; integral ecology; and strategic governance, principled leadership, and philanthropy. Consultative status before U.N. Economic and Social Council and U.S. representative to CIDSE. Board member.• Develops over $500,000 annually via foundations, donor-advised funds, major donors, planned giving, and memberships; created advisory services practice.• Clients include World Vision, University of Michigan Newman Center, and Nuestros Pequeños Hermanos y Hermanas International.• Evaluates, designs, and implements integrated information strategy for content, constituency relations, and financial management; global print, broadcast, and on-line audience over 200 million. • Builds relationships with thought and executive leaders in scholarly, business, governmental, and civil society organizations; launched Community of Creative Voices collaborative content platform, scaling and enhancing Education for Justice global digital subscription membership service. • Enhances governance via team and board recruitments and leading compliance and control practices.• Led revisions in vision, mission, branding, and marketing.• Enhanced management of financial reporting, intellectual property, enterprise risk, and compensation and benefits.• Managed complex $2.8 million real property sale, increasing net assets 850% and investing for long-term revenue-generating capacity. Media (1) This position has 1 media Center of Concern - Social Enterprise for Social Justice - Vision, Mission, Strategy, and Performance.pdf Center of Concern - Social Enterprise for Social Justice - Vision, Mission, Strategy, and Performance.pdf This media is a document Professorial Lecturer Company Name Georgetown University Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Professorial Lecturer, September 2008-present. Teaches undergraduate, graduate, executive, and certificate courses in forensic accounting, business ethics, philosophical ethics, sustainability, and law, with various appointments in Georgetown College of Arts & Sciences; McDonough School of Business; and School of Continuing Studies: Liberal Studies Degree Program, Global Education Institute, and Forensic Accounting Certificate Program. Advisor, mentor, and comprehensive examination and dissertation examiner. Directed Sustainable Business Leadership Forum: Ethics, the Professions, and Society. Executive education for senior delegations from People’s Insurance Company of China (PICC), National Diet of Japan, People’s Bank of China (PBOC), and China Construction Bank (CCB). Judge and mentor for Georgetown University Hoyapreneur Business Plan Competition. Owner Company Name Lester A. Myers Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provided advisory services in organizational integrity and responsibility to corporations, social profit organizations, and government agencies, including the Institute of International Education, Initiatives of Change USA, the China Glory Society, the U.S. Department of State, the RAND Corporation, Calvert Asset Management Company, and Global Financial Integrity (prior to board service). Worked in alliances with advisory firms for financial services, defense, and exempt organizations sectors. Principal roles have included:• Senior Strategic Advisor, Leopard Media Group LLC. Strategic advisory services for global client base, with emphasis in information services, national defense, intelligence, and government affairs.• VP for Business Services, Eco-Coach, Inc. Provided strategic planning, development, and advisory services for environmental sustainability advisory firm. Certified Eco-Assessor training through Green Business Certification Program of Sustainable Business Network of Washington.• SVP, Ethos International, Inc. Provided strategic planning, development, and advisory services for organizational integrity and responsibility advisory firm. Co-hosted forum at National Press Club with Norman Augustine and leading scholars and practitioners in organizational ethics. Chair, Board of Directors Company Name Sustainable Business Network of Washington Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Member, July 2010-August 2012. Provided strategic guidance and governance oversight for prominent sustainable business network:• Revised vision, mission, and strategy.• Evaluated, designed, and implemented integrated information strategy, including new Web portal for content, constituency relations, and financial management.• Promoted business development through institutional funding and recruitment and retention of members, including community development bank, Web development firm, diplomatic conference center, ambassadorial economic bureau, and law firm.• Enriched value proposition by developing fora for sharing leading practices for sustainability, designing executive education programs, concluding contracts for affiliate discounts and other member benefits.• Hosted sponsored networking events.• Built collaborative relationships with business associations and other organizations.• Enhanced governance through revisions to board procedures and recruitment of leaders for board service.• Implemented procedures for financial controls and tax compliance. Director, KPMG Forensic Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provided advisory services through national practice in organizational integrity and responsibility, including fraud risk management, ethics, governance, citizenship, and sustainability to leading corporations, government agencies, exempt organizations, and international organizations. Advanced training and certification in investigations methodology and forensic interviewing to detect deception. Practice recruiter and people management leader for team of seven talented forensic professionals with CPA, M.B.A., and J.D. credentials. Member, KPMG Green Initiative for sustainability.Selected achievement:• Developed expert-witness testimony regarding anti-fraud programs and controls for antitrust case involving global transportation company, leading to dismissal of indictment.• Directed projects to design and implement business processes, internal controls, and anti-fraud programs and controls for real estate company regarding federal sentencing of CEO. Principal author of work product that enabled CEO’s probation.• Led forensic support for audit teams for hotel and resort company, mortgage bank, national retail chains, and federal cabinet-level department.• Developed and delivered ethics and compliance training for internal audit division of national bank, chief audit executives of global telecommunications companies, board of national trade association, and other clients.• Served on national financial services team, with thought leadership and business development regarding identity theft, gaming, anti-money laundering, and fraud risk management services.• As professor for KPMG Advisory University, developed and presented courses and programs in organizational integrity and responsibility for KPMG staff, clients, and others. See more positions Education Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name J.D. Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Associate Editor, American Criminal Law Review. Contributing author to Annual Survey of White Collar Crime. Juris Doctor, May 1999. Course work included corporate law, securities regulation, jurisprudence, alternative dispute resolution, immigration law, fiduciary law, employment law, and national security law. Study at University of Cambridge, England, in English legal history, European Union law, and international law. Georgetown University, Graduate School of Arts & Sciences Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Philosophy (Business Ethics) Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1998 Doctor of Philosophy in philosophy (business ethics), May 1998. Dissertation: “Accounting for Accountability: Philosophical Foundations for Corporate Financial Disclosure.” Committee included Wilfried Ver Eecke (mentor) and Thomas Donaldson. Awarded University Fellowship, with responsibilities for teaching and mentoring students. First doctorate in business ethics in Georgetown history. Georgetown University, Graduate School of Arts & Sciences Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Graduate Philosophy Student Organization, Georgetown Graduate Student Organization, and Certified Adjudicator for Graduate Student Adjudication Program. Master of Arts in philosophy, May 1991. GPA: 3.9. Pluralistic curriculum in major figures of all periods. Public policy and applied ethics at Georgetown’s School of Business, Universitaire Faculteiten Sint-Ignatius te Antwerpen, and Commission of the European Union in Brussels, Belgium. See more education Volunteer Experience At-large Representative Company Name County of Fairfax, Virginia, Board of Supervisors Audit Committee Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 4 mos Appointment by County of Fairfax Board of Supervisors (Board) to provide an independent means for Board to determine that policies, programs, and resources that management deploys are consistent with Board authorization and in compliance with all appropriate statutes, ordinances, and directives. Member, Board of Directors Company Name Coopération Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité (CIDSE) Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 6 mos Cause Human Rights Coopération Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité (CIDSE) is an international alliance of Catholic development agencies based in Brussels working for global justice. Its 18 member organizations from Europe and North America collaborate with faith-influenced and secular organizations in advocacy, campaigning, and development cooperation work to fight poverty and inequality and promote public and private policies that advance human rights, social justice, and sustainable development. The organization's priorities are development finance; food and climate justice; business and human rights; and principled and holistic economic and social development. As a lay-led Catholic network, CIDSE works for a world with peaceful and fair foundations where solidarity and a commitment to the common good help transform structures in principled ways, promote justice and equality, and enhance the lives and choices of rich and poor alike. Represents Center of Concern at CIDSE gatherings at Vatican and in alliance member countries. Fellow Company Name The Caux Round Table Dates volunteered Sep 2007 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs 10 mos Cause Economic Empowerment Advises global leadership regarding transcultural principles for organizational integrity and responsibility. Project management for establishment of corrupt asset recovery organization, reform of anti-money laundering and anti-corruption legislation. Has co-directed retreats for scholars, executives, and leaders of diverse faith traditions at Mountain House in Caux, Switzerland. Has planned and hosted conferences and lectures. Publishes thought leadership. Represents organization to corporate, governmental, social profit, and intergovernmental organizations. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 86 endorsements for Strategy 86 Strategy Endorsed by Alexandra Lajoux and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Center of Concern Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 74 endorsements for Leadership 74 Leadership Endorsed by Dr. Dwan "Diane" Tai and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Georgetown University Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Governance See 58 endorsements for Corporate Governance 58 Corporate Governance Endorsed by Chris Pierce and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Center of Concern Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (6) Pia C. Valdivia Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Salzburg Global Seminar February 23, 2013, Lester A. worked with Pia C. in the same group Lester Myers is an incredibly talented individual with tremendous skill, both professional and social. I personally observed his ability to analyze and resolve complex challenges while he served as the chair of the Sustainable Business Network of Washington. Les was completely open to dedicating his time and energy to this work, and he made each event a success by bringing together a diverse group of people and resources, orchestrating the perfect atmosphere, all in a true effort to make a difference. In working with Les, I saw him in a variety of stressful moments. He dealt with each challenge with poise and intelligence, never losing his composure. He is at ease in any circumstance and able to quickly size up different situations and make sensible decisions seemingly effortlessly. Grace Mastalli President & Chief Executive Officer at LimbForge (formerly ENABLE COMMUNITY FOUNDATION) August 6, 2010, Grace managed Lester A. directly Les is an extraordinarily knowledgeable and talented educator and great resource. A man of boundless compassion, as a consultant he fully commits to your success. He serves clients as an able trusted adviser even in difficult situations. He has the ability to understand the importance of details at the same time that he sees the big picture. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Kathy Barlow Trusted insurance and risk advisor to CFO's, General Counsels and CEO's December 8, 2009, Lester A. worked with Kathy but at different companies I have been delighted to serve with Ms. Kathy Barlow on the advisory board for the Georgetown University Law Center Corporate Counsel Institute since 2007. Ms. Barlow has brought significant and substantive leadership experience as an attorney and corporate executive to our work. She is organized, punctual, polite, and responsive. She demonstrates respect for others' time by preparing for and leading meetings efficiently and effectively. My experiences working with her on three committees for Georgetown have been very pleasant and her able contributions to our work have helped to produce superb presentations by general counsel and C-suite executives for our colleagues who come to campus each year from across the country. I look forward to future collaborations with Ms. Barlow and I recommend her most highly. Nicole Steckman Legal Marketing & Business Development Professional June 19, 2009, Lester A. worked with Nicole but at different companies Since May 2007, I have had the pleasure of working with Ms. Nicole Steckman while serving on the advisory board for Georgetown's nationally prominent Corporate Counsel Institute. Ms. Steckman diligently discharges her responsibilities as director of marketing and business development, and she demonstrably construes her role as an educator in the context of Georgetown's Jesuit mission and identity, an awareness that her own education in one of Georgetown's elite programs has amplified. Her strategic approach is evident in her entrepreneurial outreach to practitioners to find new ways for Georgetown to serve the professions and society through its thought leadership and her continuing refinement of leading practices for hosting first-rate educational programs. She collaborates closely with her colleagues to contribute enormous value to the law center, balancing and serving the needs of scholars, administrators, students, alumni, and others, and she is decorous and professional in her expectations and treatment of others. The assistant dean praises her leadership, and she similarly has earned the confidence, respect, and gratitude of those who plan, host, present, and attend Georgetown's continuing legal education programs: senior leaders in law, politics, and other fields, including Supreme Court justices, attorneys general, solicitors general, members of Congress, senior administration officials, and internal and external counsel. Ms. Steckman is thoughtful, polite, and disciplined in her work and her calm demeanor and sense of humor serve her-and those who depend on her-well, particularly under the stressful schedule and public exposure her office sustains. As an alumnus, advisory board member, and faculty member of Georgetown, I am proud and delighted to work with Ms. Steckman and I recommend her most highly. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lester A. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Articles on social justice, organizational integrity and responsibility, and law: American Criminal Law Review, Education for Justice, Professional Ethics, Pegasus, Encyclopedia of Business Ethics & Society & Encyclopedia of White-Collar & Corporate Crime Interests USCIB - United States Council for International Business 3,401 members Open Source 181,943 members Georgetown University School of Medicine 17,788 followers Initiatives of Change (IofC) 537 members Risk, Regulation & Reporting 229,284 members The Ethical Startup 458 members See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Tax Accountant PRESIDENT at MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC Greater Denver Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience PRESIDENT Company Name MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions BEN has a account BEN SCHIRALDI CPA Owner, BEN SCHIRALDI CPA BEN SCHIRALDI CPA SIENA COLLEGE Greater New York City Area 236 236 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name BEN SCHIRALDI CPA Education SIENA COLLEGE Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 16 endorsements for Tax Preparation 16 Tax Preparation Renee Pallenberg and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 14 endorsements for Financial Reporting 14 Financial Reporting Paul Clawson and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by JOHN VISCONTI, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Siena College 27,432 followers Siena College 24,193 followers
More Actions Jonathan N. has a account Jonathan N. Guikema Tax Accountant The Wilson Financial Group Inc Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business Greater Atlanta Area 74 74 connections Send InMail •Federal & multi-state tax compliance for several consolidated public corporations •Supervision & development of staff •FAS 109 tax provision preparation & review for public corporations – effective tax rate, deferred tax asset roll-forward, state provision, etc. •Provision to Return true up calculation •Create value strategically aligned to client objectives •International form preparation and review – Forms 5472, 8865, 1118 •Engagement management to include budgeting •Tax planning & research activities •Interaction with client executives & external audit team management •Provide IRS & DOR audit support •Review of separate, combined, & consolidated state returns •Tax footnote preparation & review Specialties: Tax Compliance & Tax Provision Services See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name The Wilson Financial Group Inc Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Suwanee, GA •Responsible for both the design & implementation of both accounting & tax procedures for a large subset of the Firm’s clients to ensure federal & state tax compliance for business clients including state municipality developers, auto dealerships, healthcare companies, manufacturers, physicians, etc.•Review of staff prepared financial compilations & preparer of reviewed financial statements Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Gentiva Health Services Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location ATLANTA, GA Senior Associate – Federal Tax, GENTIVA HEALTH SERVICES, INC.- Atlanta, GA •Federal compliance w/ revenue > 2 billion filing in > 40 states, including domestic 1120 consolidation of > 80 entities, 990, & partnership returns •State and local income/franchise tax compliance filing in > 200 jurisdictions •Supervision & development of tax staff •ASC 740 tax provision preparation •Provide IRS & DOR audit support •FIN 48 footnote calculation •Unclaimed property reporting > 40 states •Integration of Odyssey Healthcare, Inc. & Subsidiaries tax processes upon acquisition during August 2010. •Tax Research Projects •Tax, AMT, & State Fixed Asset Calculations to support 4562, 4797, 4626 Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Moore Stephens Tiller LLC Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Associate – Federal Tax, Grant Thornton LLP - Atlanta, GA•Federal & multi-state tax compliance for several consolidated public corporations w/ revenue > 1 billion filing in > 40 states.•Supervision & development of staff•FAS 109 tax provision preparation & review for public corporations – effective tax rate, deferred tax asset roll-forward, state provision, etc.•Provision to Return true up calculation•Create value strategically aligned to client objectives•International form preparation and review – Forms 5472, 8865, 1118•Engagement management to include budgeting•Tax planning & research activities•Interaction with client executives & external audit team management•Provide IRS & DOR audit support•Review of separate, combined, & consolidated state returns•FIN 48 Analysis•10Q & 10K Tax footnote preparation & review Tax Accountant Company Name Swart Baumruk & Company Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business Degree Name MACC Field Of Study Masters of Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Finance Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Micah Overmon and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing Khush Bhatia and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Dean H. Kleyn and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business 13,879 followers Kennesaw State University - Michael J. Coles College of Business 14,168 followers University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration 18,211 followers University of Central Florida - College of Business Administration 17,980 followers
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Rausch Tax Accountant at Tax Accountant Tax Accountant Greater Detroit Area 10 10 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Tax Accountant Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions James has a account James Tax Accountant PRESIDENT at MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC Greater Denver Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience PRESIDENT Company Name MCGEHEE, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES, INC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions BEN has a account BEN SCHIRALDI CPA Owner, BEN SCHIRALDI CPA BEN SCHIRALDI CPA SIENA COLLEGE Greater New York City Area 236 236 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name BEN SCHIRALDI CPA Education SIENA COLLEGE Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 16 endorsements for Tax Preparation 16 Tax Preparation Renee Pallenberg and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 14 endorsements for Financial Reporting 14 Financial Reporting Paul Clawson and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by JOHN VISCONTI, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Siena College 24,193 followers Siena College 27,432 followers
More Actions Lester A. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Lester A. Myers, Ph.D., J.D., CPA, CFF, CGMA President at Center of Concern Center of Concern Georgetown University Law Center Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Les Myers is President of Center of Concern, a Washington think tank that, since its founding in 1971 at the office of U.N. Secretary General U Thant by Joseph Bernardin and Pedro Arrupe, S.J., has researched, educated, and advocated from Catholic social tradition to create a world where economic, political, and cultural systems promote sustainable flourishing of the global community. Les has a background in strategy, ethics, law, and Catholic social thought. For over 30 years, he has served in leadership roles in public accounting, corporate, university teaching and administration, and social profit organization contexts, with experience in the financial, healthcare, telecommunications, environmental, and public sectors. He has focused on organizational integrity and responsibility, helping organizations promote principled leadership and ethical cultures; assess risks of fraud and misconduct; and design, implement, and evaluate ethics and compliance and other anti-fraud programs and controls to prevent, detect, and respond to such risks within the context of leading frameworks for organizational governance and internal control. His corporate citizenship services include stakeholder and public affairs matters involving sustainability, labor standards, consumer protection, financial integrity, and philanthropic engagement. Les is a Caux Round Table Fellow, Georgetown Law Center Corporate Counsel Institute Advisory Board member, and at-large representative on the County of Fairfax, Virginia, Board of Supervisors Audit Committee. He has studied and/or taught at four Jesuit universities, including Xavier University, from which he earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in business, and Georgetown University, from which he earned doctorates in philosophy and law. He publishes and speaks in scholarly and professional venues. His work includes multiple entries in the Encyclopedia of Business Ethics and Society and the Encyclopedia of White-collar and Corporate Crime. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lester A.’s Activity 1,504 followers I feel so lucky to be presenting with Denver Water and the North East Ohio Regional District on our recent rate communications research. Check us out at ACE 17! Lester A. liked The Larry Center fan club is now in session. Congrats on a long and successful career at the Georgetown University Law Center we will miss you ! Lester A. liked See all activity Experience President Company Name Center of Concern Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provides executive leadership for think tank that researches, educates, and advocates from Catholic social tradition to create a world where economic, political, and cultural systems promote sustainable flourishing of the global community. The Center envisions a world that upholds basic human rights and human dignity, fosters just relationships, promotes sustainable livelihoods, and renews the earth. A social enterprise for social justice, it seeks effective, scalable, and sustainable global transformation in social justice education; global finance and human rights; girls’ education and women’s empowerment; integral ecology; and strategic governance, principled leadership, and philanthropy. Consultative status before U.N. Economic and Social Council and U.S. representative to CIDSE. Board member.• Develops over $500,000 annually via foundations, donor-advised funds, major donors, planned giving, and memberships; created advisory services practice.• Clients include World Vision, University of Michigan Newman Center, and Nuestros Pequeños Hermanos y Hermanas International.• Evaluates, designs, and implements integrated information strategy for content, constituency relations, and financial management; global print, broadcast, and on-line audience over 200 million. • Builds relationships with thought and executive leaders in scholarly, business, governmental, and civil society organizations; launched Community of Creative Voices collaborative content platform, scaling and enhancing Education for Justice global digital subscription membership service. • Enhances governance via team and board recruitments and leading compliance and control practices.• Led revisions in vision, mission, branding, and marketing.• Enhanced management of financial reporting, intellectual property, enterprise risk, and compensation and benefits.• Managed complex $2.8 million real property sale, increasing net assets 850% and investing for long-term revenue-generating capacity. Media (1) This position has 1 media Center of Concern - Social Enterprise for Social Justice - Vision, Mission, Strategy, and Performance.pdf Center of Concern - Social Enterprise for Social Justice - Vision, Mission, Strategy, and Performance.pdf This media is a document Professorial Lecturer Company Name Georgetown University Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Professorial Lecturer, September 2008-present. Teaches undergraduate, graduate, executive, and certificate courses in forensic accounting, business ethics, philosophical ethics, sustainability, and law, with various appointments in Georgetown College of Arts & Sciences; McDonough School of Business; and School of Continuing Studies: Liberal Studies Degree Program, Global Education Institute, and Forensic Accounting Certificate Program. Advisor, mentor, and comprehensive examination and dissertation examiner. Directed Sustainable Business Leadership Forum: Ethics, the Professions, and Society. Executive education for senior delegations from People’s Insurance Company of China (PICC), National Diet of Japan, People’s Bank of China (PBOC), and China Construction Bank (CCB). Judge and mentor for Georgetown University Hoyapreneur Business Plan Competition. Owner Company Name Lester A. Myers Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provided advisory services in organizational integrity and responsibility to corporations, social profit organizations, and government agencies, including the Institute of International Education, Initiatives of Change USA, the China Glory Society, the U.S. Department of State, the RAND Corporation, Calvert Asset Management Company, and Global Financial Integrity (prior to board service). Worked in alliances with advisory firms for financial services, defense, and exempt organizations sectors. Principal roles have included:• Senior Strategic Advisor, Leopard Media Group LLC. Strategic advisory services for global client base, with emphasis in information services, national defense, intelligence, and government affairs.• VP for Business Services, Eco-Coach, Inc. Provided strategic planning, development, and advisory services for environmental sustainability advisory firm. Certified Eco-Assessor training through Green Business Certification Program of Sustainable Business Network of Washington.• SVP, Ethos International, Inc. Provided strategic planning, development, and advisory services for organizational integrity and responsibility advisory firm. Co-hosted forum at National Press Club with Norman Augustine and leading scholars and practitioners in organizational ethics. Chair, Board of Directors Company Name Sustainable Business Network of Washington Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Member, July 2010-August 2012. Provided strategic guidance and governance oversight for prominent sustainable business network:• Revised vision, mission, and strategy.• Evaluated, designed, and implemented integrated information strategy, including new Web portal for content, constituency relations, and financial management.• Promoted business development through institutional funding and recruitment and retention of members, including community development bank, Web development firm, diplomatic conference center, ambassadorial economic bureau, and law firm.• Enriched value proposition by developing fora for sharing leading practices for sustainability, designing executive education programs, concluding contracts for affiliate discounts and other member benefits.• Hosted sponsored networking events.• Built collaborative relationships with business associations and other organizations.• Enhanced governance through revisions to board procedures and recruitment of leaders for board service.• Implemented procedures for financial controls and tax compliance. Director, KPMG Forensic Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Provided advisory services through national practice in organizational integrity and responsibility, including fraud risk management, ethics, governance, citizenship, and sustainability to leading corporations, government agencies, exempt organizations, and international organizations. Advanced training and certification in investigations methodology and forensic interviewing to detect deception. Practice recruiter and people management leader for team of seven talented forensic professionals with CPA, M.B.A., and J.D. credentials. Member, KPMG Green Initiative for sustainability.Selected achievement:• Developed expert-witness testimony regarding anti-fraud programs and controls for antitrust case involving global transportation company, leading to dismissal of indictment.• Directed projects to design and implement business processes, internal controls, and anti-fraud programs and controls for real estate company regarding federal sentencing of CEO. Principal author of work product that enabled CEO’s probation.• Led forensic support for audit teams for hotel and resort company, mortgage bank, national retail chains, and federal cabinet-level department.• Developed and delivered ethics and compliance training for internal audit division of national bank, chief audit executives of global telecommunications companies, board of national trade association, and other clients.• Served on national financial services team, with thought leadership and business development regarding identity theft, gaming, anti-money laundering, and fraud risk management services.• As professor for KPMG Advisory University, developed and presented courses and programs in organizational integrity and responsibility for KPMG staff, clients, and others. See more positions Education Georgetown University Law Center Degree Name J.D. Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Associate Editor, American Criminal Law Review. Contributing author to Annual Survey of White Collar Crime. Juris Doctor, May 1999. Course work included corporate law, securities regulation, jurisprudence, alternative dispute resolution, immigration law, fiduciary law, employment law, and national security law. Study at University of Cambridge, England, in English legal history, European Union law, and international law. Georgetown University, Graduate School of Arts & Sciences Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Philosophy (Business Ethics) Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1998 Doctor of Philosophy in philosophy (business ethics), May 1998. Dissertation: “Accounting for Accountability: Philosophical Foundations for Corporate Financial Disclosure.” Committee included Wilfried Ver Eecke (mentor) and Thomas Donaldson. Awarded University Fellowship, with responsibilities for teaching and mentoring students. First doctorate in business ethics in Georgetown history. Georgetown University, Graduate School of Arts & Sciences Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Graduate Philosophy Student Organization, Georgetown Graduate Student Organization, and Certified Adjudicator for Graduate Student Adjudication Program. Master of Arts in philosophy, May 1991. GPA: 3.9. Pluralistic curriculum in major figures of all periods. Public policy and applied ethics at Georgetown’s School of Business, Universitaire Faculteiten Sint-Ignatius te Antwerpen, and Commission of the European Union in Brussels, Belgium. See more education Volunteer Experience At-large Representative Company Name County of Fairfax, Virginia, Board of Supervisors Audit Committee Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 4 mos Appointment by County of Fairfax Board of Supervisors (Board) to provide an independent means for Board to determine that policies, programs, and resources that management deploys are consistent with Board authorization and in compliance with all appropriate statutes, ordinances, and directives. Member, Board of Directors Company Name Coopération Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité (CIDSE) Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 6 mos Cause Human Rights Coopération Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité (CIDSE) is an international alliance of Catholic development agencies based in Brussels working for global justice. Its 18 member organizations from Europe and North America collaborate with faith-influenced and secular organizations in advocacy, campaigning, and development cooperation work to fight poverty and inequality and promote public and private policies that advance human rights, social justice, and sustainable development. The organization's priorities are development finance; food and climate justice; business and human rights; and principled and holistic economic and social development. As a lay-led Catholic network, CIDSE works for a world with peaceful and fair foundations where solidarity and a commitment to the common good help transform structures in principled ways, promote justice and equality, and enhance the lives and choices of rich and poor alike. Represents Center of Concern at CIDSE gatherings at Vatican and in alliance member countries. Fellow Company Name The Caux Round Table Dates volunteered Sep 2007 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs 10 mos Cause Economic Empowerment Advises global leadership regarding transcultural principles for organizational integrity and responsibility. Project management for establishment of corrupt asset recovery organization, reform of anti-money laundering and anti-corruption legislation. Has co-directed retreats for scholars, executives, and leaders of diverse faith traditions at Mountain House in Caux, Switzerland. Has planned and hosted conferences and lectures. Publishes thought leadership. Represents organization to corporate, governmental, social profit, and intergovernmental organizations. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 86 endorsements for Strategy 86 Strategy Endorsed by Alexandra Lajoux and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Center of Concern Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 74 endorsements for Leadership 74 Leadership Endorsed by Dr. Dwan "Diane" Tai and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Georgetown University Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Governance See 58 endorsements for Corporate Governance 58 Corporate Governance Endorsed by Chris Pierce and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lester A.’s colleagues at Center of Concern Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (6) Pia C. Valdivia Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Salzburg Global Seminar February 23, 2013, Lester A. worked with Pia C. in the same group Lester Myers is an incredibly talented individual with tremendous skill, both professional and social. I personally observed his ability to analyze and resolve complex challenges while he served as the chair of the Sustainable Business Network of Washington. Les was completely open to dedicating his time and energy to this work, and he made each event a success by bringing together a diverse group of people and resources, orchestrating the perfect atmosphere, all in a true effort to make a difference. In working with Les, I saw him in a variety of stressful moments. He dealt with each challenge with poise and intelligence, never losing his composure. He is at ease in any circumstance and able to quickly size up different situations and make sensible decisions seemingly effortlessly. Grace Mastalli President & Chief Executive Officer at LimbForge (formerly ENABLE COMMUNITY FOUNDATION) August 6, 2010, Grace managed Lester A. directly Les is an extraordinarily knowledgeable and talented educator and great resource. A man of boundless compassion, as a consultant he fully commits to your success. He serves clients as an able trusted adviser even in difficult situations. He has the ability to understand the importance of details at the same time that he sees the big picture. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Kathy Barlow Trusted insurance and risk advisor to CFO's, General Counsels and CEO's December 8, 2009, Lester A. worked with Kathy but at different companies I have been delighted to serve with Ms. Kathy Barlow on the advisory board for the Georgetown University Law Center Corporate Counsel Institute since 2007. Ms. Barlow has brought significant and substantive leadership experience as an attorney and corporate executive to our work. She is organized, punctual, polite, and responsive. She demonstrates respect for others' time by preparing for and leading meetings efficiently and effectively. My experiences working with her on three committees for Georgetown have been very pleasant and her able contributions to our work have helped to produce superb presentations by general counsel and C-suite executives for our colleagues who come to campus each year from across the country. I look forward to future collaborations with Ms. Barlow and I recommend her most highly. Nicole Steckman Legal Marketing & Business Development Professional June 19, 2009, Lester A. worked with Nicole but at different companies Since May 2007, I have had the pleasure of working with Ms. Nicole Steckman while serving on the advisory board for Georgetown's nationally prominent Corporate Counsel Institute. Ms. Steckman diligently discharges her responsibilities as director of marketing and business development, and she demonstrably construes her role as an educator in the context of Georgetown's Jesuit mission and identity, an awareness that her own education in one of Georgetown's elite programs has amplified. Her strategic approach is evident in her entrepreneurial outreach to practitioners to find new ways for Georgetown to serve the professions and society through its thought leadership and her continuing refinement of leading practices for hosting first-rate educational programs. She collaborates closely with her colleagues to contribute enormous value to the law center, balancing and serving the needs of scholars, administrators, students, alumni, and others, and she is decorous and professional in her expectations and treatment of others. The assistant dean praises her leadership, and she similarly has earned the confidence, respect, and gratitude of those who plan, host, present, and attend Georgetown's continuing legal education programs: senior leaders in law, politics, and other fields, including Supreme Court justices, attorneys general, solicitors general, members of Congress, senior administration officials, and internal and external counsel. Ms. Steckman is thoughtful, polite, and disciplined in her work and her calm demeanor and sense of humor serve her-and those who depend on her-well, particularly under the stressful schedule and public exposure her office sustains. As an alumnus, advisory board member, and faculty member of Georgetown, I am proud and delighted to work with Ms. Steckman and I recommend her most highly. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lester A. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Articles on social justice, organizational integrity and responsibility, and law: American Criminal Law Review, Education for Justice, Professional Ethics, Pegasus, Encyclopedia of Business Ethics & Society & Encyclopedia of White-Collar & Corporate Crime Interests U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Corporate Citizenship Center 812 members Ethics, Governance, & Culture - Business Integrity Alliance 1,498 members Eco-Coach Green Consulting Network 538 members Georgetown University 154,063 followers Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 31,739 members AICPA Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 1,199 members See all See all following
More Actions Sally has a account Sally Rogers CPA Shareholder/President at Rogers & Associates P.C.| Business/Personal Strategies Rogers & Associates P.C. Lindenwood University Greater St. Louis Area 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CPA Shareholder/President Company Name Rogers & Associates P.C. Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 9 mos Location Clayton, Missouri Sally Rogers founded Rogers & Associates P.C. in 2004. With extensive experience in complex tax matters and a background in advanced estate planning, Sally works with closely-held businesses and high net worth individuals, with a particular emphasis in income tax and estate planning including asset protection, charitable giving, and family wealth counseling. She also provides tax and business consulting. Sally has worked in public accounting since 1990. She combines her extensive background in tax with a strong resume in personal and business tax planning to help clients structure their business and personal lives. CPA Partner/Vice President Company Name Tax Strategies LLC Dates Employed May 2000 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Clayton, Missouri CPA Office Manager Company Name Grace & Company P.C. Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Apr 2000 Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Education Lindenwood University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Alpha Sigma Lambda Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 2 endorsements for CPA 2 CPA Mary Ulm and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Estate Planning See 1 endorsement for Estate Planning 1 Estate Planning Mary Ulm has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 1 endorsement for Tax Advisory 1 Tax Advisory Mary Ulm has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sally has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Missouri Women Business Enterprise Program American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Missouri Society of Certified Public Accountants Sally has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Lindenwood University 36,801 followers Rogers & Associates P.C. 21 followers Lindenwood University 38,625 followers
More Actions GorDon has a account GorDon Baker at The Baker Group Clark Atlanta University Baltimore, Maryland Area 279 279 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Consultant Company Name The Baker Group Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL EVENTS Company Name NBMBAA HQ Dates Employed 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Clark Atlanta University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1986 Rutgers University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Murphy lab School Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 55 endorsements for Strategic Planning 55 Strategic Planning Endorsed by Jerome Johnson, Sr, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 50 endorsements for Budgets 50 Budgets Jo Hamilton, PhD MBA and 49 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 30 endorsements for Management 30 Management Claude A. Jones and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests David KongDavid Kong is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Best Western® Hotels & Resorts 210,568 followers Hospitality Finance & Accounting Group (Hotel, Restaurant, Casino) 16,130 members The New York Times 2,465,781 followers Clark Atlanta University 27,532 followers The Economist 4,125,239 followers U.S. Department of State 185,000 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Abrams, CPA Accounting Manager at CBRE CBRE University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am open to all invitations to connect. Feel free to e-mail me at abramsjeff at hotmail.com. I have been in accounting since my graduation at UW in 1999. I earned my CPA in 2001. I have worked in public accounting, done SEC work, and I spent a little time as a recruiter. I currently work in real estate accounting for CBRE for our client Group Health. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Accounting Manager Company Name CBRE Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location Tukwila, WA Charged with managing the entire month end process. This includes approximately 20 journal entries, 6 staff, and about a thousand lines of data every month. I also review all reconciliations. Sr. Representative Company Name Primerica Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location Federal Way, Washington I specialize in helping folks become debt free, properly protected, and financially independent. Primerica is a leading provider of term life insurance. Working to help families become financially independent, Primerica is a Main Street company for Main Street families. Sr. Accountant Company Name CBRE Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Tukwila, WA Managed all of the accounting for the project management team. 20 projects managers, 200+ project. Capital Accountant Company Name CB Richard Ellis Dates Employed May 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Tukwila, WA Assist with the preparation of monthly Operating financial reports and the timely and accurate distribution of financial information to CBRE Facility Managers and Client. Recruiter Company Name Allen Partners Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Institute of Management Accountants Olympic College Degree Name Associates Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Skills Finance Finance Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting Financial Reporting Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Elena Friedman Construction Professional, Project Management September 7, 2012, Elena worked with Jeff in different groups Jeff managed the Group Health accounts. He tracked all the projects' budgets that CBRE project and facilities managers were working on. On numerous occasions I would have to ask him for the status of a budget or check to see if a contractor's bill had been paid. He provided the information promptly and with good humor no matter what his other deadlines were. Lee Capell, CPA, CGMA Controller at Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP April 29, 2009, Lee managed Jeff directly Jeff is a very creative self starter and has the ability to effectively develop and present accounting information to significantly improve managments ability to measure business performance. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Elise Rech Recruiting Manager September 17, 2013, Jeff was a client of Elise’s Elise got me started in my career in accounting. I was an on-campus rep for Accountemps in college until they found me my first gig with the State Auditor's Office while I was finishing my senior year. I would recommend Elise to anyone who needs a GREAT recruiter. Elena Friedman Construction Professional, Project Management May 3, 2011, Jeff worked with Elena in different groups I worked with Elena for about three years. She kept a close watch on her project budgets. She worked carefully, following the appropriate accounting procedures to provide funding for her projects. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests The Recruiter.com Network 1,011,581 members Bellevue Connections 1,985 members FreeMason Networking 23,459 members DeMolay International Alumni © 1,658 members Seattle Business Magazine 756 members TED Conferences 5,516,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ann has a account Ann Norman CPA Partner/Director at Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Golden Gate University Greater Seattle Area 344 344 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ann is a well seasoned CPA providing accounting and tax services to small businesses and individuals. Tax Services include tax compliance, tax return preparation, IRS correspondence, IRS controversy and tax planning. Accounting services include QuickBooks advisor, accounting procedures, and compilation or review of financial statements. Ann offers Estate administration assistance including preparation of Form 706, Estate tax returns, accounting to the court and administrative help with Estates and Trusts Specialties: Estates, Trusts, Real Estate, Fishing Industry, Consulting businesses and start-ups See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location 1407 116th Ave NE Suite 222, Bellevue, WA 98004 CPA working hard to help clients minimize their tax liability. Experienced with individual taxes as well as S corporations, Partnerships, Estates and Trusts. Managing Member Company Name Norman & Kitto PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 18 yrs CPA firm specializing in providing accounting and tax services to small businesses and individuals. Full range of accounting services including QuickBooks support, accounting procedures instruction, internal control safeguards, self prepared financial statements or CPA prepared compiled or reviewed financial statements. Tax services include tax compliance, tax return preparation, tax planning, IRS correspondence and Tax controversy. Estate and Trust Administration and tax compliance. Owner Company Name Norman &Kitto PLLC Dates Employed Nov 1994 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 21 yrs 1 mo Sandra Kitto and I have worked together since 1986. She and I became business partners in 1997. She retired in 2011. Eleanor Siverts-Akerman became my business partner at that time.. Past President Company Name Samena Club Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs I have served on the Board of Trustees of Samena for many years. This Community Athletic and Swim Club is a member-owned, family recreation club located in the Lake Hills neighborhood of east Bellevue since 1958. I served in various positions as President, Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and Finance Chair over a span of 7 years. Tax Accountant Company Name Clark Nuber Dates Employed 1995 – 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs CPA in Tax Department for 3 years while I built my own accounting practice. Really enjoyed working there and met some great people. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Attended evening classes to complete my Masters Degree in Taxation while working full time and raising a family! I loved the partnership and trust classes. University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business, with Accounting concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Accounting Society, American Society of Women Accountants Student Member Volunteer Experience Youth Exchange Officer Company Name Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club Dates volunteered Aug 2010 – Aug 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education We sponsor students to come from other countries to live and study in Bellevue for a year or for a summer exchange. We also sponsor students to go to other countries to live and study. I was the Youth Exchange Officer for 3 years and coordinated our committee to help the in-bound and out-bound students to succeed International Services -Bogota, Colombia Company Name Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club Dates volunteered Jul 2014 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment I had the amazing opportunity to represent BBRC in Bogota Colombia on three projects. The first project is a water purification station that our club installed in 2013 and I was there to monitor the operation of that water system and meet with the village leaders to discuss the success. The second project was clothing recycling in Bogota. Like Goodwill, we have clothing donation stations in the malls in Bogota which are transported to MInuto de Dios for cleaning, sorting, repairing, and distribution to the poor in Colombia or sale in the poor communities of Bogota. The third project is a new water purification station to go into the hills in The Andes. We met with the village leaders to discuss their needs for clean potable water. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 43 endorsements for Tax Preparation 43 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Kris Wilson, CPA, EA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ann’s colleagues at Norman & Kitto PLLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 27 endorsements for Tax 27 Tax Endorsed by Mark T. Long, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 23 endorsements for Income Tax 23 Income Tax Endorsed by Mark T. Long, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Lesley Young Cutler, CMP Sourcing Sales Executive at American Express MEETINGS EXPERT October 29, 2009, Lesley was a client of Ann’s Ann is a true professional... experienced, trustworthy, hard-working, discreet and reliable. She's been doing my taxes for the past 9 years, relieving me of the burden, headaches and apprehension of dealing with tax issues & the IRS, and allowing me to focus on building my business. Her knowledge and experience make her a huge asset to my business's team! Monte Zwang Owner, Wellness Capital Management - Financial Services Consultant October 9, 2009, Monte was a client of Ann’s As a financial advisor, I have the opportunity to work with many different CPAs. I have found Ann to be one of the best in the area of tax planning and strategies. She is completely current in her knowledge of tax issues and maintains a respected position as a business advocate with the IRS. I have complete confidence in Ann's tax advise and recommend her without hesitation to anyone who is looking for reputable counsel regarding business and personal taxes. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Sam Rosselot Director, Customer Success at ClinCapture October 21, 2011, Ann was a client of Sam’s Same is a great employee and great person. I thoroughly enjoyed working with him. Our employees and clients loved him. His work was excellent and he was a very fast learner. I wish I could hire him back again. Ann Norman CPA Carol Cullivan Associate Executive Director at YMCA of Southern Arizona June 28, 2011, Ann worked with Carol in different groups Carol was an amazing Club Administrator for Samena Club. She was able to easily deal with the broad range of duties that come up in the organization. I was on the board for many years and a member for 30 years during which she was the Club Manager for 17 years. She was also a consultant on the construction project for an additonal 2 years. She could easily switch from financial discussions to personnel management to marketing to construction of our expanded facility. Always tactful and sensitive, she was also able to be assertive and convincing. She was a pleasure to work with. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Ann has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Estate and Trust Administration and Compliance Federal Tax Update State and Local Tax Conference from the Washington Society of CPAs Ann has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Ann has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization East King County Estate Planning Council Interests University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,483 followers Golden Gate University 42,406 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Rotary District 5030 331 members Golden Gate University Master of Taxation 1,914 members See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave McClain, CPA, MBA Tax Senior Director at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP The University of Akron Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 424 424 connections Send InMail Specialties: Cost Segregation Studies FAS 109 FIN 48 Research and Development Credit Tax Planning Highlights Experience Senior Director Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Associate Director Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Manager Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Prepared and reviewed federal, state and local corporate income tax returns, income tax analysis as required by ASC 740 (formally FAS 109 and FIN 48) and a variety of research projects for companies ranging from small, sole proprietorships to large, publically traded corporations. Preformed basic international tax compliance and reporting, including 5471 and 5472 compliance and foreign bank account reporting. Assisted in research and analysis of new tax laws and development of tax saving and planning opportunities. Developed and managed external financial relationships (e.g., banks, insurers, attorneys) and constantly looked for new business opportunities. Senior Associate Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Associate Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Education The University of Akron Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 The University of Akron Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 12 endorsements for Corporate Tax 12 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Dave’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 8 endorsements for Income Tax 8 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Dave’s colleagues at BDO USA, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law See 5 endorsements for Tax Law 5 Tax Law Endorsed by 2 of Dave’s colleagues at SS&G Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dave has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Nation's Restaurant News 253,969 followers Massillon Area Chamber of Commerce 80 followers Boomer Consulting, Inc. 3,074 members Shearer's Snacks 4,729 followers Professional Athletes / Artists / Entertainers - - Legal & Accounting Issues (ALA) 936 members Vorys Oil and Gas 155 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Farley Certified Public Accountant Sean Farley, CPA, LLC Rutgers University Greater New York City Area 52 52 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Sean Farley, CPA, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Westwood, NJ We are a full-service accounting firm based out of Bergen County, NJ that offers a wide variety of quality tax and accounting services for Individuals, Corporations, Partnerships and LLC's at competitive prices. The services that we provide include Tax Return Preparation - Business and Personal, Business Entity Selection and Set-Up (for new businesses), Computerized Bookkeeping, Payroll Services, Sales Tax Preparation, IRS and State Problem Resolution, Financial Statements and Tax and Financial Planning. Accountant/Tax Preparer Company Name George Farley, PC Dates Employed May 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Owner, President & CEO Company Name Five Tool Sports Management, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Location Valencia, Venezuela Full-service representation for professional baseball players and amateur prospects. Owned and operated La Academia de Beisbol Five Tool Sports, C.A. in Valencia, Venezuela, which trained and represented talented Venezuelan teenagers with aspirations of playing professional baseball. Senior Accountant Company Name Rothstein Kass Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Education Rutgers University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Rutgers Business School Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Marc Delouvrier, RLA and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Miriam Miller and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 5 endorsements for Financial Statements 5 Financial Statements Joshua Fein and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers University 303,265 followers Rutgers University 267,983 followers
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Sharp, CPA CFO & Accounting Services SHARP CPA, PLLC Goshen College Phoenix, Arizona Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Part-time CFO/Controller, Audit and Corporate Tax Assistance, M&A Due Diligence, SEC Reporting, Systems Implementation, Turnaround Assistance, Complex Projects. Highlights Follow Follow Doug’s Activity 533 followers In a constant effort to improve myself and the service I provide for my clients, I am proud to say I recently earned the designation of Certified Negotiation Expert. Doug liked Today at the monthly meeting of southern Arizona based Mining AMIGOS myself and ASARCO Manager, Environmental Services Nancy Johannesmeyer were given a few minutes to talk about the review by the Department of the Interior regarding the revision and/or repeal of the protective status for the Ironwood Forest National Monument. View my notes: http://bit.ly/2t41c8k Doug liked See all activity Experience Managing Member Company Name SHARP CPA, PLLC Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area Provide cost effective, hands-on business services to Phoenix area small & mid-size businesses, including:- CFO/Controller services- SEC, OTC reporting assistance- Audit preparation and accounting assistance- Corporate tax assistance- M&A due diligence assistance- Debt financing assistance- Turnaround assistance- Monthly financial statement preparation / bookkeeping- Financial modeling- Cash flow and profitability forecasting- Systems implementation and integration- Complex projects, including extreme 'clean ups' of booksClients include:- SEC & OTC Reporting Companies- Phoenix-based Venture Capital Firm- Third-party Administrator of Medical Claims (sold in 2010)- Construction Hardware Distributor (sold in 2007)- Construction Materials Manufacturer- IT Management Services Firm- Software Developer- Window Manufacturing Company- Global Professional Services Firm- Various small business retail clientsI strive to help clients reach their goals, including growth, profitability, compliance, and overcoming obstacles. I have turned around many dire situations, and have also contributed to a number of successful M&A transactions.I have an excellent working relationship with the Big 4, national and local CPA firms. CFO Company Name Administrative Enterprises, Inc. Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Glendale, AZ Served as CFO/Controller/Board Secretary. Managed seemless MS Dynamics ERP implementation/conversion. Managed banking relationships and annual Big 4 (PwC) audit for foreign exchange filing requirements. Managed due diligence process directly with prospective buyers and buyer's consultants (KPMG). Instrumental to successful sale in 2007, and subsequent sale to AETNA in 2010. Responsible for successful transition of accounting and finance function to buyer's NY headquarters in 2010/2011. CFO/Controller Company Name Construction Hardware Distributor Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Tempe Assisted investors in turnaround and sale of construction hardware distributor. As interim CFO/Controller, positioned company from negative to positive performance metrics, increasing company value and cash flow, leading to successful sale of company in 2007. Treasury Manager Company Name Calence Dates Employed 1999 – 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tempe, AZ Responsible for investments, debt, complex equity transactions, tax planning and strategy, IPO planning and positioning. Managed legal, Big 4 accounting and banking relationships. Negotiated inventory credit facility and LOC. Assisted in selling customers on larger purchases through ROI presentations. Corporate Controller Company Name Piranha Interactive Publishing, Inc. (Nasdaq: PRAN) Dates Employed Nov 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tempe, AZ Instrumental to successful IPO of this NASDAQ-listed technology company in 1997. Managed SEC reporting, accounting department, inventory production and distribution. Successfully responded to SEC and NASDAQ inquiries. See more positions Education Goshen College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Student Service Trimester in Costa Rica; Cultural Study Abroad in Argentina; 4 Years Varsity Soccer; Internship with Kolb & Christophel, Ltd., Management Consultants. Featured Skills & Endorsements Due Diligence See 36 endorsements for Due Diligence 36 Due Diligence Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 35 endorsements for Auditing 35 Auditing Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by Richard Bonilla, MBA ✔ and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Paul Ruh Managing Director at Alvarez and Marsal March 16, 2013, Paul was a client of Doug’s I've referred valuable relationships that i have to Doug on a number of occasions, always knowing that he will take care of them and deliver great results. He's never failed. When it comes to all aspects of finance and accounting advisory and assistance, Doug is the one that I trust, with my most trusted relationships. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Doug has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Corporate Tax, Audit & SEC Compliance Assistance Manage Discontinued Operations Pre-Audit Preparation and Tax Compliance Sale of Third-Party Medical Billing Company Turnaround & Sale of Construction Distribution Company Doug has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Phoenix CEO-CFO Group Vistage International Doug has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Doug has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award NJCAA Soccer All-American 1985 Interests Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,730 members RSM US Alumni 5,513 members NOW CFO 1,925 followers TED Conferences 5,516,409 followers CPAs 18,900 members Interim CFO & Controller 13,833 members See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Platt Income Tax Manager at The Hamilton Companies The Hamilton Companies University of Denver Greater Denver Area 63 63 connections Send InMail Income Tax Manager (Started tax career at PwC) Tax professional with 15+ years of experience in: -Federal & State income tax return preparation -C Corp, Partnership and Trust returns -Domestic and International, including Canadian returns -Assistance with FAS 109 and tax footnote preparation -Federal & State tax basis balance sheets -FIN 48 calculations -Oil/Gas and Canadian withholding returns Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, A Plus Tax Software, Lacerte, OneSource, CorpTax, PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle, CCH, RIA, BNA, and IntelliForms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Income Tax Manager Company Name The Hamilton Companies Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area The Hamilton Companies is a family office that provides accounting services, income tax preparation, investment advice and other support services for members of the Frederic C. Hamilton family. I prepare Federal and State partnership, trust, foundation, and individual income tax returns. I, also, calculate quarterly tax estimates and annual extensions, as well as, various accounting duties. Senior Federal Tax Accountant Company Name Ball Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Broomfield, CO Responsible for preparation of the Federal consolidated return, consisting of both domestic and international forms. Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Berry Petroleum Company/LINN Energy Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Responsible for preparation of Federal and State income tax returns, including all estimates, extensions, work papers and roll forwards as well as any documentation necessary to comply with SOX requirements. Prepare monthly income tax account reconciliations. Prepare state apportionment factors and modifications. Provide audit support and IDR responses. Prepare annual Federal and State tax basis balance sheets. Assist with preparation of FAS 109 provision. Prepare quarterly FIN 48 calculation and footnote. Prepare monthly and quarterly oil and gas royalty withholding returns. Training and review of one staff accountant. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Johns Manville Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Responsible for preparation of the Federal consolidated return and accompanying work papers which entails: Annual maintenance of tax software (OneSource), Prepare Schedule M-1 adjustments including Schedule M-3, Prepare all forms and schedules of Federal tax return, input all information into tax software, Prepare Forms 1118, 5471 and 8858. Calculate E&P of foreign subsidiaries. Prepare all state apportionment factors and modifications. Prepare various state and city income tax returns. (separate company and consolidated). Handle all aspects of state audits from beginning to conclusion for assigned states. Prepare Federal and State quarterly estimated payments and extensions. Assist with preparation of domestic FAS 109 provision. Prepare monthly income tax estimates for Canada (Federal and Provincial) as well as preparation of Canadian income tax returns using DTM software. Preparation of Canadian tax provision and provision to return. Prepare quarterly and annual Canadian withholding tax returns. Training and review of the work of one staff accountant. Assisted with the tax side of an ERP implementation. Assisted in sales tax audits. Education University of Denver Degree Name Masters of Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 University of Colorado Denver Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Michelle’s colleagues at Berry Petroleum Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 6 endorsements for Auditing 6 Auditing Endorsed by 3 of Michelle’s colleagues at Berry Petroleum Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax David G. Reed, CPA and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michelle has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations AICPA Colorado Society of CPA's Council of Petroleum Accountants Societies (COPAS) Michelle has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Six Sigma - Green Belt Interests University of Colorado Denver 87,495 followers Ball Corporation 19,995 followers University of Colorado Denver 80,768 followers University of Denver 84,892 followers Berry Petroleum Company, LLC 5,440 followers University of Denver 76,523 followers
More Actions Charles A. has a account Charles A. Stansell, CPA Seeking employment as a Senior Accountant, Accounting Manager, or Assistant Controller Chappell Professional Group PC University of Alabama at Birmingham Alabaster, Alabama 271 271 connections Send InMail I am a Certified Public Accountant with more than 25 years of experience in accounting, taxation, payroll processing, accounting software implementation and support, IRS representation, and part-time controller services. I am also an experienced Quickbooks consultant, specializing in support for Quickbooks Online. I have experience with construction contractors, professional services organizations, retail, convenience stores, restaurants, real estate owners and developers, and medical practices. I am currently seeking a full time role as a senior accountant, accounting manager, or assistant controller. If you are interested in discussing an open position, please call me @ (205) 585-7354 or send an email to cascpa@bellsouth.net. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Charles A.’s Activity Tech company adopts Oxmoor Valley Elementary, seeks volunteers to help other schools Charles A. liked I am seeking a senior-level accounting opportunity, preferably in the Birmingham, AL area. I am open to relocation within the Southeastern U.S. I have 30 years of overall accounting experience, primarily in public accounting. I have extensive knowledge of taxation and general accounting. If you know of any senior accounting positions either in public accounting or in private industry, please send me a message or email me at (205) 585-7354. Thanks! Charles A. shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax & Accounting Manager Company Name Chappell Professional Group PC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Self Employed Company Name Charles A. Stansell CPA, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Alabaster, Alabama Senior Tax Associate Company Name Frost Cummings Tidwell Group Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Responsible for preparation and review of corporate, partnership & individual tax returns. Also managed tax engagements, prepared tax projections, assisted in supervision, training and development of staff associates, researched complex tax issues, and other duties as needed. Senior Staff Accountant Company Name Cork, Hill & Company, LLC Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Responsible for audits, reviews and compilations of financial statements, preparation of corporate, partnership & individual tax returns, correspondence with taxing authorities to resolve client issues, research of accounting and tax issues, assisting clients with accounting system set-up and troubleshooting, observation of physical inventory counts, and other duties as assigned. Corporate Tax Accountant Company Name Healthsouth Corporation Dates Employed Nov 1996 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Prepared federal, state and local tax filings for more than 100 subsidiary entities for national healthcare companyAssisted in preparation of income tax provision under FAS 109Analyzed accounts and made adjustments to income tax basis Education University of Alabama at Birmingham Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 12 endorsements for Tax Preparation 12 Tax Preparation Endorsed by ROCKY DUCHARME CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 11 endorsements for Bookkeeping 11 Bookkeeping RICKY STACEY and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Greg Walker and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Gordon Jack, CPA Partner at Tidwell Group, LLC April 1, 2009, Gordon managed Charles A. directly It was a privilege to work with Charles. He is a very knowledgeable and bright individual who understands the nuances of tax law and the implication for the client. He works hard and is always willing to complete projects for the good of the firm. Kenneth C. DeWitt Traction / EOS Certified Implementer, Business Leadership Team Coach March 16, 2009, Kenneth C. was senior to Charles A. but didn’t manage directly Charles Stansell an excellent tax professional. He is a steady worker, gets to work early, stays late, and is willing to travel wherever the company needs him. He has a good grasp on the accounting and tax issues that face closely-held businesses and their owners. His attitude is excellent, and Charles did more than was asked of him at Reznick. Eric Gennari Vice President of Sales, South at Primepay LLC December 31, 2009, Charles A. worked with Eric but at different companies I have known Eric for more than six months. We are fellow ambassadors with the Greater Shelby Chamber of Commerce, and I can attest that Eric really knows his business. He is a very honest, personable man with a get-it-done type of work-ethic. As a CPA, I can count on Eric to provide great service to my clients and to be a source of information.Charles A. Stansell, CPA Joseph D. Puckett President at Craig Wiggins Allstate Insurance Agencies May 8, 2009, Charles A. worked with Joseph D. but at different companies I had the opportunity to meet Joseph while setting up my business bank account, and I found him to be extremely knowledgeable and friendly. He seemed genuinely interested in helping my business grow and succeed.I can safely say based on my experience that Joseph will be my banker from now on. He is a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Charles A. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Charles A. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Alabama Society of Certified Public Accountants Interests Professional Association of Small Business Accountants (PASBA) 787 members Linked CPA 44,278 members Itzzy's Detroit Delicatessen 32 followers University of Alabama at Birmingham 77,462 followers Greater Shelby County Chamber of Commerce 638 members Insperience Business Services 29 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ann has a account Ann Norman CPA Partner/Director at Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Golden Gate University Greater Seattle Area 344 344 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ann is a well seasoned CPA providing accounting and tax services to small businesses and individuals. Tax Services include tax compliance, tax return preparation, IRS correspondence, IRS controversy and tax planning. Accounting services include QuickBooks advisor, accounting procedures, and compilation or review of financial statements. Ann offers Estate administration assistance including preparation of Form 706, Estate tax returns, accounting to the court and administrative help with Estates and Trusts Specialties: Estates, Trusts, Real Estate, Fishing Industry, Consulting businesses and start-ups See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Hutchinson & Walter PLLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location 1407 116th Ave NE Suite 222, Bellevue, WA 98004 CPA working hard to help clients minimize their tax liability. Experienced with individual taxes as well as S corporations, Partnerships, Estates and Trusts. Managing Member Company Name Norman & Kitto PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 18 yrs CPA firm specializing in providing accounting and tax services to small businesses and individuals. Full range of accounting services including QuickBooks support, accounting procedures instruction, internal control safeguards, self prepared financial statements or CPA prepared compiled or reviewed financial statements. Tax services include tax compliance, tax return preparation, tax planning, IRS correspondence and Tax controversy. Estate and Trust Administration and tax compliance. Owner Company Name Norman &Kitto PLLC Dates Employed Nov 1994 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 21 yrs 1 mo Sandra Kitto and I have worked together since 1986. She and I became business partners in 1997. She retired in 2011. Eleanor Siverts-Akerman became my business partner at that time.. Past President Company Name Samena Club Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs I have served on the Board of Trustees of Samena for many years. This Community Athletic and Swim Club is a member-owned, family recreation club located in the Lake Hills neighborhood of east Bellevue since 1958. I served in various positions as President, Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and Finance Chair over a span of 7 years. Tax Accountant Company Name Clark Nuber Dates Employed 1995 – 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs CPA in Tax Department for 3 years while I built my own accounting practice. Really enjoyed working there and met some great people. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Attended evening classes to complete my Masters Degree in Taxation while working full time and raising a family! I loved the partnership and trust classes. University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business, with Accounting concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Accounting Society, American Society of Women Accountants Student Member Volunteer Experience Youth Exchange Officer Company Name Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club Dates volunteered Aug 2010 – Aug 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education We sponsor students to come from other countries to live and study in Bellevue for a year or for a summer exchange. We also sponsor students to go to other countries to live and study. I was the Youth Exchange Officer for 3 years and coordinated our committee to help the in-bound and out-bound students to succeed International Services -Bogota, Colombia Company Name Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club Dates volunteered Jul 2014 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment I had the amazing opportunity to represent BBRC in Bogota Colombia on three projects. The first project is a water purification station that our club installed in 2013 and I was there to monitor the operation of that water system and meet with the village leaders to discuss the success. The second project was clothing recycling in Bogota. Like Goodwill, we have clothing donation stations in the malls in Bogota which are transported to MInuto de Dios for cleaning, sorting, repairing, and distribution to the poor in Colombia or sale in the poor communities of Bogota. The third project is a new water purification station to go into the hills in The Andes. We met with the village leaders to discuss their needs for clean potable water. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 43 endorsements for Tax Preparation 43 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Kris Wilson, CPA, EA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ann’s colleagues at Norman & Kitto PLLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 27 endorsements for Tax 27 Tax Endorsed by Mark T. Long, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 23 endorsements for Income Tax 23 Income Tax Endorsed by Mark T. Long, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Lesley Young Cutler, CMP Sourcing Sales Executive at American Express MEETINGS EXPERT October 29, 2009, Lesley was a client of Ann’s Ann is a true professional... experienced, trustworthy, hard-working, discreet and reliable. She's been doing my taxes for the past 9 years, relieving me of the burden, headaches and apprehension of dealing with tax issues & the IRS, and allowing me to focus on building my business. Her knowledge and experience make her a huge asset to my business's team! Monte Zwang Owner, Wellness Capital Management - Financial Services Consultant October 9, 2009, Monte was a client of Ann’s As a financial advisor, I have the opportunity to work with many different CPAs. I have found Ann to be one of the best in the area of tax planning and strategies. She is completely current in her knowledge of tax issues and maintains a respected position as a business advocate with the IRS. I have complete confidence in Ann's tax advise and recommend her without hesitation to anyone who is looking for reputable counsel regarding business and personal taxes. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Sam Rosselot Director, Customer Success at ClinCapture October 21, 2011, Ann was a client of Sam’s Same is a great employee and great person. I thoroughly enjoyed working with him. Our employees and clients loved him. His work was excellent and he was a very fast learner. I wish I could hire him back again. Ann Norman CPA Carol Cullivan Associate Executive Director at YMCA of Southern Arizona June 28, 2011, Ann worked with Carol in different groups Carol was an amazing Club Administrator for Samena Club. She was able to easily deal with the broad range of duties that come up in the organization. I was on the board for many years and a member for 30 years during which she was the Club Manager for 17 years. She was also a consultant on the construction project for an additonal 2 years. She could easily switch from financial discussions to personnel management to marketing to construction of our expanded facility. Always tactful and sensitive, she was also able to be assertive and convincing. She was a pleasure to work with. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Ann has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Estate and Trust Administration and Compliance Federal Tax Update State and Local Tax Conference from the Washington Society of CPAs Ann has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Ann has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization East King County Estate Planning Council Interests Golden Gate University 42,406 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,483 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Bellevue Breakfast Rotary Club 139 members University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Platt Income Tax Manager at The Hamilton Companies The Hamilton Companies University of Denver Greater Denver Area 63 63 connections Send InMail Income Tax Manager (Started tax career at PwC) Tax professional with 15+ years of experience in: -Federal & State income tax return preparation -C Corp, Partnership and Trust returns -Domestic and International, including Canadian returns -Assistance with FAS 109 and tax footnote preparation -Federal & State tax basis balance sheets -FIN 48 calculations -Oil/Gas and Canadian withholding returns Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, A Plus Tax Software, Lacerte, OneSource, CorpTax, PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle, CCH, RIA, BNA, and IntelliForms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Income Tax Manager Company Name The Hamilton Companies Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area The Hamilton Companies is a family office that provides accounting services, income tax preparation, investment advice and other support services for members of the Frederic C. Hamilton family. I prepare Federal and State partnership, trust, foundation, and individual income tax returns. I, also, calculate quarterly tax estimates and annual extensions, as well as, various accounting duties. Senior Federal Tax Accountant Company Name Ball Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Broomfield, CO Responsible for preparation of the Federal consolidated return, consisting of both domestic and international forms. Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Berry Petroleum Company/LINN Energy Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Responsible for preparation of Federal and State income tax returns, including all estimates, extensions, work papers and roll forwards as well as any documentation necessary to comply with SOX requirements. Prepare monthly income tax account reconciliations. Prepare state apportionment factors and modifications. Provide audit support and IDR responses. Prepare annual Federal and State tax basis balance sheets. Assist with preparation of FAS 109 provision. Prepare quarterly FIN 48 calculation and footnote. Prepare monthly and quarterly oil and gas royalty withholding returns. Training and review of one staff accountant. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Johns Manville Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Responsible for preparation of the Federal consolidated return and accompanying work papers which entails: Annual maintenance of tax software (OneSource), Prepare Schedule M-1 adjustments including Schedule M-3, Prepare all forms and schedules of Federal tax return, input all information into tax software, Prepare Forms 1118, 5471 and 8858. Calculate E&P of foreign subsidiaries. Prepare all state apportionment factors and modifications. Prepare various state and city income tax returns. (separate company and consolidated). Handle all aspects of state audits from beginning to conclusion for assigned states. Prepare Federal and State quarterly estimated payments and extensions. Assist with preparation of domestic FAS 109 provision. Prepare monthly income tax estimates for Canada (Federal and Provincial) as well as preparation of Canadian income tax returns using DTM software. Preparation of Canadian tax provision and provision to return. Prepare quarterly and annual Canadian withholding tax returns. Training and review of the work of one staff accountant. Assisted with the tax side of an ERP implementation. Assisted in sales tax audits. Education University of Denver Degree Name Masters of Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 University of Colorado Denver Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Michelle’s colleagues at Berry Petroleum Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 6 endorsements for Auditing 6 Auditing Endorsed by 3 of Michelle’s colleagues at Berry Petroleum Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax David G. Reed, CPA and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michelle has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations AICPA Colorado Society of CPA's Council of Petroleum Accountants Societies (COPAS) Michelle has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Six Sigma - Green Belt Interests University of Colorado Denver 87,495 followers University of Denver 84,892 followers Berry Petroleum Company, LLC 5,440 followers University of Denver 76,523 followers Ball Corporation 19,995 followers University of Colorado Denver 80,768 followers
More Actions Charles A. has a account Charles A. Stansell, CPA Seeking employment as a Senior Accountant, Accounting Manager, or Assistant Controller Chappell Professional Group PC University of Alabama at Birmingham Alabaster, Alabama 271 271 connections Send InMail I am a Certified Public Accountant with more than 25 years of experience in accounting, taxation, payroll processing, accounting software implementation and support, IRS representation, and part-time controller services. I am also an experienced Quickbooks consultant, specializing in support for Quickbooks Online. I have experience with construction contractors, professional services organizations, retail, convenience stores, restaurants, real estate owners and developers, and medical practices. I am currently seeking a full time role as a senior accountant, accounting manager, or assistant controller. If you are interested in discussing an open position, please call me @ (205) 585-7354 or send an email to cascpa@bellsouth.net. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Charles A.’s Activity Tech company adopts Oxmoor Valley Elementary, seeks volunteers to help other schools Charles A. liked I am seeking a senior-level accounting opportunity, preferably in the Birmingham, AL area. I am open to relocation within the Southeastern U.S. I have 30 years of overall accounting experience, primarily in public accounting. I have extensive knowledge of taxation and general accounting. If you know of any senior accounting positions either in public accounting or in private industry, please send me a message or email me at (205) 585-7354. Thanks! Charles A. shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax & Accounting Manager Company Name Chappell Professional Group PC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Self Employed Company Name Charles A. Stansell CPA, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Alabaster, Alabama Senior Tax Associate Company Name Frost Cummings Tidwell Group Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Area Responsible for preparation and review of corporate, partnership & individual tax returns. Also managed tax engagements, prepared tax projections, assisted in supervision, training and development of staff associates, researched complex tax issues, and other duties as needed. Senior Staff Accountant Company Name Cork, Hill & Company, LLC Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Responsible for audits, reviews and compilations of financial statements, preparation of corporate, partnership & individual tax returns, correspondence with taxing authorities to resolve client issues, research of accounting and tax issues, assisting clients with accounting system set-up and troubleshooting, observation of physical inventory counts, and other duties as assigned. Corporate Tax Accountant Company Name Healthsouth Corporation Dates Employed Nov 1996 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Birmingham, Alabama Prepared federal, state and local tax filings for more than 100 subsidiary entities for national healthcare companyAssisted in preparation of income tax provision under FAS 109Analyzed accounts and made adjustments to income tax basis Education University of Alabama at Birmingham Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 12 endorsements for Tax Preparation 12 Tax Preparation Endorsed by ROCKY DUCHARME CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 11 endorsements for Bookkeeping 11 Bookkeeping RICKY STACEY and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Greg Walker and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Gordon Jack, CPA Partner at Tidwell Group, LLC April 1, 2009, Gordon managed Charles A. directly It was a privilege to work with Charles. He is a very knowledgeable and bright individual who understands the nuances of tax law and the implication for the client. He works hard and is always willing to complete projects for the good of the firm. Kenneth C. DeWitt Traction / EOS Certified Implementer, Business Leadership Team Coach March 16, 2009, Kenneth C. was senior to Charles A. but didn’t manage directly Charles Stansell an excellent tax professional. He is a steady worker, gets to work early, stays late, and is willing to travel wherever the company needs him. He has a good grasp on the accounting and tax issues that face closely-held businesses and their owners. His attitude is excellent, and Charles did more than was asked of him at Reznick. Eric Gennari Vice President of Sales, South at Primepay LLC December 31, 2009, Charles A. worked with Eric but at different companies I have known Eric for more than six months. We are fellow ambassadors with the Greater Shelby Chamber of Commerce, and I can attest that Eric really knows his business. He is a very honest, personable man with a get-it-done type of work-ethic. As a CPA, I can count on Eric to provide great service to my clients and to be a source of information.Charles A. Stansell, CPA Joseph D. Puckett President at Craig Wiggins Allstate Insurance Agencies May 8, 2009, Charles A. worked with Joseph D. but at different companies I had the opportunity to meet Joseph while setting up my business bank account, and I found him to be extremely knowledgeable and friendly. He seemed genuinely interested in helping my business grow and succeed.I can safely say based on my experience that Joseph will be my banker from now on. He is a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Charles A. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Charles A. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Alabama Society of Certified Public Accountants Interests Robert Half Finance & Accounting 109,140 followers Insperience Business Services 29 followers UHY LLP, Certified Public Accountants 13,189 followers University of Alabama at Birmingham 83,800 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Chappell Professional Group PC 34 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mercedes has a account Mercedes (Accountant) -- United States 5 5 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Farley Certified Public Accountant Sean Farley, CPA, LLC Rutgers University Greater New York City Area 52 52 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Sean Farley, CPA, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Westwood, NJ We are a full-service accounting firm based out of Bergen County, NJ that offers a wide variety of quality tax and accounting services for Individuals, Corporations, Partnerships and LLC's at competitive prices. The services that we provide include Tax Return Preparation - Business and Personal, Business Entity Selection and Set-Up (for new businesses), Computerized Bookkeeping, Payroll Services, Sales Tax Preparation, IRS and State Problem Resolution, Financial Statements and Tax and Financial Planning. Accountant/Tax Preparer Company Name George Farley, PC Dates Employed May 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Owner, President & CEO Company Name Five Tool Sports Management, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Location Valencia, Venezuela Full-service representation for professional baseball players and amateur prospects. Owned and operated La Academia de Beisbol Five Tool Sports, C.A. in Valencia, Venezuela, which trained and represented talented Venezuelan teenagers with aspirations of playing professional baseball. Senior Accountant Company Name Rothstein Kass Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Education Rutgers University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Rutgers Business School Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Marc Delouvrier, RLA and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Miriam Miller and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 5 endorsements for Financial Statements 5 Financial Statements Joshua Fein and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers University 303,266 followers Rutgers University 267,987 followers
More Actions James has a account James Blackburn Partner - PwC PwC Australia Swinburne University of Technology Adelaide, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail James is a Partner at PwC and leads the Private Clients business in Adelaide. In addition James leads the Corporate Responsibility team in the local office. While studying at school, James worked in his family’s business. This provided him with a great insight into the opportunities and challenges faced by entrepreneurs and as a result, a passion for wanting to pursue a career where he could help people grow and protect their businesses and personal wealth. Over his career, James has had the privilege to work with some very interesting and successful people, having worked across diverse industry groups with privately owned groups, family owned businesses, ASX listed companies, multi-nationals, some of Australia’s wealthiest families, international sportspeople and entertainers. James is a regular presenter on tax and commercial matters with the Tax Institute, Legalwise and Entrepreneurs Organisation, has been involved in numerous Australian Taxation Office practitioner groups liaising on wealthy Australians, taxation of trusts and private companies; and is a judge for the Telstra Business Awards in South Australia. As well, James regularly contributes articles to the Adelaide Review's business section. Drawing on his professional skills, James has also been actively involved in Board positions of sporting associations and community groups over the past 20 years and currently holds board positions with University of Adelaide Business School Advisory Board, Hockey SA and Committee for Adelaide. He is currently President of Hockey SA and a Life Member of LaTrobe University Hockey Club. James is married to Belinda and has two young children. He is a keen yachtsman, enjoys playing hockey and working in his garden, loves camping, good food and a glass of wine. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow James’ Articles 1,580 followers Australian businesses getting on with it James Blackburn on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 6, 2017 See 7 more articles Family Business Challenges James Blackburn on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 14, 2016 Experience Partner - Private Clients Lead Partner, South Australia Company Name PwC Australia Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Adelaide PwC Australia provides industry-focused assurance, tax and advisory services for public and private clients. PwC employs over 6,000 people in eight cities around Australia.In Private Clients, we are a national team of partners and staff who are committed to working with private businesses, family businesses, entrepreneurs and high net wealth individuals. Member of Business School Advisory Board Company Name University of Adelaide Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Adelaide, Australia I provide advice and direction to support the University of Adelaide Business School in positioning its success for the future. Member of the Board of Directors Company Name Committee for Adelaide Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Adelaide The Committee for Adelaide brings together people from all walks of life. We have a goal to drive capital investment and community growth in South Australia. We believe a resilient and innovative economy is both a cause and effect of a great place to live. Chair Of The Board Of Directors Company Name Hockey SA Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Adelaide, Australia Hockey SA is an association established to conduct, encourage, promote, advance and administer the sport of hockey throughout South Australia and in the national interest. Director Company Name PwC Australia Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Melbourne, Australia PwC Private Clients See more positions Education Swinburne University of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Business Field Of Study Accounting, Economics, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Media (1) This position has 1 media Bachelor of Business Bachelor of Business This media is a link Yarra Valley Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Institute of Chartered Accountants Media (1) This position has 1 media Chartered Accountants Australia Chartered Accountants Australia This media is a link Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Advisory See 56 endorsements for Tax Advisory 56 Tax Advisory Endorsed by Daniel Lutz and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of James’ colleagues at PwC Australia Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 33 endorsements for Tax 33 Tax Endorsed by Lauren Benke and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at PwC Australia Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 24 endorsements for International Tax 24 International Tax Endorsed by 2 of James’ colleagues at PwC Australia Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations David Murdoch Family Financial Specialist December 15, 2011, James was a client of David’s I highly recommend David as being very personable and interested in our financial affairs. David is trustworhty and acts with integrity. I have no problem at all engaging David to assist with my own personal financial affairs, and when the opportunity arises to refer him to PwC clients. Scott Thompson CCO at London & Partners - Please tell me why you would like to connect. May 23, 2010, James worked with Scott in different groups In his role at Ernst & Young, through Scott's 'can do attitude', enthusiasm for tackling any challenge and ability to identify market opportunities, he developed some great networks resulting in many positive outcomes for the practice. Accomplishments Interests University of Adelaide 84,250 followers Macquarie Group 156,146 followers Credit Suisse 453,437 followers Melbourne Football Club 3,342 followers Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,188 followers Swinburne University of Technology 124,208 followers See all See all following
More Actions BJ has a account BJ Weber Tax and Accounting Professional BJ Weber Tax and Accounting University of Phoenix Des Moines, Iowa Area 224 224 connections Send InMail Specialties: Certified Quickbooks ProAdvisor Highlights Experience Owner Company Name BJ Weber Tax and Accounting Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 11 mos Executive Director Company Name ICPC Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Owner Company Name Creative Learning Institute Dates Employed 1998 – 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education University of Phoenix Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Wes Weber and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 18 endorsements for QuickBooks 18 QuickBooks J. Kevin Gaudineer and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Wes Weber and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jody Halsted Freelance Writer | Ireland Enthusiast | Podcaster | Blogger March 26, 2010, Jody worked with BJ but at different companies If you're self employed and looking for a knowledgeable tax accountant I recommend talking with BJ. He spoke at the inaugural I_Blog Conference about new tax regulations, and you could tell he had done his homework on the subject- including quite a bit of time spent on the phone with the IRS.I trust BJ with my taxes. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Phoenix 821,357 followers University of Phoenix 786,299 followers Des Moines Opportunities 7,339 members
More Actions Ken has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ken O'Brien Partner O'Brien & O'Brien, LLC O'Brien & O'Brien, LLC (formerly Haworth Financial Group, LLC) Villanova University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As a member of a family-operated business, I understand the value of long-term, personal relationships with our clients. Specialties: individual and small business tax, estate tax and asset preservation, business structure and operations consulting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ken’s Articles 907 followers Welcome to Tax Season 2016! Ken O'Brien on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 19, 2016 See all articles Experience Partner Company Name O'Brien & O'Brien, LLC (formerly Haworth Financial Group, LLC) Dates Employed Mar 1994 – Present Employment Duration 23 yrs 4 mos Location Montvale, NJ Full service accounting and tax practice, specializing in individual, small business, trust and estate tax Partner Company Name Portfolio Management & Investments, LLC Dates Employed Oct 1996 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 9 mos Location Montvale, NJ Full-service investment management and estate planningSecurities offered through Royal Alliance Associates Inc. Member FINRA/SIPCAdvisory services offered through Investment Advisors Asset Management, a registered investment advisor. Portfolio Management & Investments, LLC and Investment Advisors Asset Management are not affiliated with Royal Alliance or registered as a broker-dealer or investment advisor. Partner Company Name Coup de Cuisine Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 7 mos Location Chestnut Ridge, NY / Montvale, NJ Catering & Event Plannning, Cooking instruction Foreign Exchange Specialist Company Name NationsBank Dates Employed May 1993 – Mar 1994 Employment Duration 11 mos Junior Accountant Company Name Henry J. O'Brien, Public Accountant Dates Employed 1994 – 1994 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education Villanova University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Villanova University Degree Name Minor: German Laguage Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Delta Phi Alpha Fraternal German Honor Society Our lady of mercy See more education Volunteer Experience Den Leader, Quartermaster Company Name Boy Scouts of America Northern NJ Council Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Sep 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 76 endorsements for Investments 76 Investments Robert Germano and 75 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Securities See 65 endorsements for Securities 65 Securities Patrick Ellis and 64 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 43 endorsements for Accounting 43 Accounting Patrick Ellis and 42 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Noah Howard, CIMA® Director, Productivity and Development, Individual Advisory Services May 22, 2012, Ken was a client of Noah’s After searching for an asset management firm, Curian's platform has become a great fit for both myself and our clients. Noah was assigned as our regional consultant, taking over our territory from someone I had done business with for 15 years. He is professional, patient, yet vigilent. He has added significant value to our firm in helping us expose our clients to the Curian philosophy.Altough he is currently assigned to a different regional territory, we still touch base and he has continued to help us expand our business, for which we are extremely grateful.As a team, he and Ben Keith are fantastic. I highly recommend the Curian product and its top-flight staff. Accomplishments Ken has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Interests The Chef Agency 5,729 followers Villanova University Alumni Network 30,161 members MarketPsych 157 followers Curian Capital 3,138 followers Villanova University 133,406 followers Stephanie RuhleStephanie Ruhle is a LinkedIn Influencer Anchor/Managing Editor, BloombergTV -- Editor-at-Large, Bloomberg News 86,832 followers See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Armstrong, CPA U.S. Tax Professional at KPMG KPMG Thompson Rivers University Cayman Islands 246 246 connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant Specialties: - U.S. taxation of private equity and hedge funds with AUM in excess of 6B. - trader vs. investor determination and advisory of U.S. tax specific elections beneficial for investors. - Passive Foreign Investment Company analysis and advisory including "PFIC" annual information statement preparation. - Controlled Foreign Corporation issues such as foreign personal holding company income. - Tax advisory services including reviewing offering documents, “check-the-box” elections, and considerations to assure invesment funds achieve the desired treatment for U.S. investors. - U.S. Parnership tax returns (Form 1065) - U.S. tax return preparation for partnerships, C-Corps, S-Corps, Trusts, and individuals. - Strategic U.S. tax planning for business entities as well as individuals. - Business accounting set-up and consulting. - International business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Todd’s Activity 247 followers Centralized partnership audit rules are reissued in proposed form Todd shared this A good article here from the AICPA regarding IRC 754 elections. Todd shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Location Cayman Islands Providing US tax compliance and advisory services to hedge funds and private equity funds with a particular focus on Foreign (Non-US) Investments. Education Thompson Rivers University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Douglas Henne and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Jose Guerra and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Federal Taxation See 1 endorsement for Federal Taxation 1 Federal Taxation K Z has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations John Chambers CPA, Isler Northwest LLC CPAs and business Advisors November 25, 2008, Todd reported directly to John John has been a tremendous mentor to me and my career. He takes the time to coach and train me with the skills necessary to be successful in the accounting profession. I feel secure knowing that I am learning from an expert. Johnny Lehtinen Sales Director at Sympa Oy November 25, 2008, Todd and Johnny were students together I know Johnny through our related international exchange program, Canada's Thompson River's University and Finland's Turku Ammattikorkeakoulu. Johnny was a great ambassador for Finland while in Canada, his communication and business related skills will definetly assist him in becoming a superior professional. He has tremendous attention to detail and assumes responsibility for his committments. He will be a strong business player in whatever industry he pursues. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Todd has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA Interests Thompson Rivers University 26,049 followers Thompson Rivers University 23,608 followers KPMG in the Cayman Islands 4,476 followers CNNMoney 1,147,910 followers International tax planning professionals 29,189 members Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,343 members See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Haning, C.P.A. Sr. Manager, Cathy Family Office at Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A Clemson University Atlanta, Georgia 182 182 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Manager, Cathy Family Office Company Name Chick-fil-A Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Tax Manager Company Name Brown, Nelms & Co., P.C. Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Senior Tax Associate Company Name Bennett Thrasher Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area Education Clemson University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Clemson University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 6 endorsements for CPA 6 CPA Endorsed by Leslie Callender, CPA, CCIFP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ryan’s colleagues at Brown Nelms & Co. CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 5 endorsements for Accounting 5 Accounting Endorsed by Leslie Callender, CPA, CCIFP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ryan’s colleagues at Brown Nelms & Co. CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by Josh Sprayberry, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Brown Nelms & Co. CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Clemson University Alumni Association 24,015 members Clemson University 111,989 followers RMEF-Members 2,921 members Chick-fil-A Corporate 70,939 followers Clemson University 119,565 followers
More Actions Ruchi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ruchi Shah, CPA Tax Supervisor at RSM US LLP RSM US LLP American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Orange County, California Area 220 220 connections Send InMail I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the state of California and Chartered Accountant in India with wide area of experience accounting, taxation, financial management and auditing. I have over 4 years of experience in public accounting working for clients in various industries with different corporate and tax structures. Specialties: Accounting, Tax Returns, External Audits, Financial Reporting, Tax Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Supervisor Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Tax Senior Associate Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Tax Senior Company Name The PUTMANGROUP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Irvine, California Tax Experienced Associate - Core Tax Services Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Orange County, California Area ==> Prepare federal and multistate tax returns for partnerships, Corporations and individuals using Go Systems RS==> Prepare consolidated return for Corporations==> Apply allocation and apportionment rules per operating agreement==> Prepare quarterly estimates & extension calculations==> Research and prepare work papers for various books to tax differences==> Handle IRS and FTB notices Accounting Manager & Tax Accountant Company Name SBS Inc. Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Laguna Niguel, CA ==> Prepare tax returns for individual, partnership, LLC, S Corp, C Corp, Trust==> Tax Planning, Tax Research and develop tax strategies for clients==> Maintain books for various clients including General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payables, Fixed Asset Accounting according to GAAP standards==> Make adjusting entries to correct books of accounts==> Prepare Compilation Reports See more positions Education American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Degree Name Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Field Of Study Accounting, Auditing, Taxation, Business Concepts Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: CALCPA Member Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name Chartered Accountant (CA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda Degree Name Master of Commerce Field Of Study Accounting & Financial Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Ruchi’s colleagues at MUKUND & ROHIT Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 5 endorsements for Financial Reporting 5 Financial Reporting Anuj Parikh and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 3 endorsements for Internal Audit 3 Internal Audit Viral Shah, PMP®, SAFe® PM/PO and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Shweta Desai Assistant Manager - Tax Cell at The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd. September 17, 2011, Shweta and Ruchi were students together Ruchi is diligent and has an organised way of working on any given assignment. She possesses good people skills which makes her a team player. Samik Shah Senior Financial Analyst September 15, 2011, Samik and Ruchi were students together We studied together for Charter accountancy (ICAI) as well as CPA (AICPA). A nice thing about her was, her grasping and analytical ability. As a person she very friendly in nature. I wish a her all success in life. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ruchi has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Hindi Ruchi has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Accountant Ruchi has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and finance Taxations, financial accounting, Business economics and conceps, Auditing Interests PwC 1,356,130 followers The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda 40,393 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda 38,898 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 225,857 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 212,598 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leif E. has a account Leif E. Peterson, CPA Owner at Leif E Peterson, CPA Peterson Wealth Management, LLC Ferris State University Bay City, Michigan 171 171 connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant, Tax Preparation, Business Consulting Specialties: Small to Medium Size Businesses, Family Owned Businesses, Business Continuation Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Peterson Wealth Management, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Bay City, MI Owner Company Name Leif E. Peterson, CPA Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Sole Practitioner with a staff of 4 working to serve a diverse client base. Media (1) This position has 1 media Leif E Peterson, CPA Leif E Peterson, CPA This media is a link Owner Company Name The Cellular Connection - Bay City Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Full Service Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer. Where Customer Service generates repeat customers!! Partner Company Name Greenwood & Peterson, PC Dates Employed May 1995 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 14 yrs 2 mos Junior Accountant Company Name Gerald G. Greenwood, CPA Dates Employed May 1987 – Apr 1996 Employment Duration 9 yrs Entry Level Accountant Education Ferris State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 14 endorsements for Tax Preparation 14 Tax Preparation Teresa Close and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Kris Chartier and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Henrick (Rick) Pockrandt and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Michelle Lukezic Creative Director - Brand, Strategy, Visual Design, UX May 3, 2011, Michelle was a client of Leif E.’s Leif provides outstanding customer service. He goes above and beyond to make certain that his clients really "get it." He is very detail oriented and thorough. His clients' best interest are always on the top of his list. Leif is extremely accessible and always finds the time to answer all my questions in great detail. I can't image having another CPA. Scott Zimmer President at Air Advantage August 26, 2009, Scott was a client of Leif E.’s I have worked with Leif since we started our first company in 1994. Prior to that I worked with Leif at my previous employer. Leif is a man of high integrity, very trustworthy and provides great results. Leif gets to know his clients on a professional and personal level and puts his client's interests above his own. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leif E. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Leif E. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Leif E. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA, MICPA Interests AICPA 60,328 followers Michigan Association of CPAs 5,614 members Ferris State University Alumni 5,952 members CPA Sole Practitioners and CPA Small Firms 9,962 members MICPA 637 followers Ferris State University 62,402 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Collins CPA, Business Appraiser Thomas Collins, CPA California State University-Sacramento Sacramento, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I specialize in forensic accounting and business valuations. I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with twenty years of public accounting experience and have been involved in 400 forensic accounting and business valuation cases. I have testified as an expert witness in Sacramento, Placer, El Dorado and Orange Counties in California. I've earned an Accredited in Business Valuation (ABV) designation and also hold the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA, Accredited in Business Valuation Company Name Thomas Collins, CPA Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Location Sacramento, California Area We perform business valuations for divorce, tax purposes and business transactions. We also provide forensic accounting services to attorneys to determine available income, perform asset tracings and calculate economic damages. Business Appraiser & Forensic Accountant Company Name Black & Company Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Jan 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Valued businesses, determined available income and other forensic accounting activities. We valued many businesses in the greater Sacramento area for divorce, estate and gift tax, shareholder disputes, ESOP and for other purposes. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Jun 1996 – Jan 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Tax consulting, review and preparation of business and individual tax returns. Accountant Company Name Cornelius & Company, CPAs Dates Employed 1995 – 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr Prepared tax returns and audited financial statements. Education California State University-Sacramento Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Valuation See 43 endorsements for Business Valuation 43 Business Valuation Craig C. Weaver and 42 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Forensic Accounting See 31 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 31 Forensic Accounting Craig C. Weaver and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by Steven Mopsick and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (4) Thomas M. Gilbert Owner, Gilbert Associates, Inc. March 17, 2016, Thomas M. managed Thomas directly Tom is our "go-to-guy" for valuations and valuation consulting. Client feed back has always been positive and we find him accessible and easy to work with. Greg LaFreniere CPA, ABV, CVA Partner at Wegner CPAs June 21, 2013, Greg worked with Thomas but at different companies Tom worked with me on multiple challenging business valuation projects over several years and I highly recommend him for his valuation knowledge and problem solving abilities. Tom is a valuation professional that can handle your valuation project no matter how complicated. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Sabrina Carlson Administrative Coordinator at Lindsay & Brownell, LLP February 6, 2014, Thomas was a client of Sabrina’s Sabrina supercharged my social media networking by setting goals, organizing my information, and routinely following up to ensure success. It was great working with her. Steven Mopsick Federal Tax Attorney at Mopsick Tax Law, LLP November 28, 2011, Thomas worked with Steven but at different companies Steve is a great guy who knows about helping clients with challeging IRS litigation matters. He has many years of tax litigation experience working at the IRS and in private practice. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Business Valuation Resources 5,075 members California State University-Sacramento 132,220 followers Sacramento Divorce News & Information 491 members California State University-Sacramento 128,192 followers WICPA Discussion Group 3,324 members Divorce advice 6,365 members
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Derkits Senior Tax Accountant at Victaulic Victaulic Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania Allentown, Pennsylvania Area 125 125 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Easton, PA Tax Accountant Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Easton, PA • Prepare and review tax returns/forms: 1065s, 8858s, 8865s, 1120S, and various S corporation and composite state returns• Prepare state apportionment, estimate, extension, and dividend calculations and payments • Compile and review data collection workpapers for domestic and foreign affiliates to comply with federal tax laws• Maintain ProSystem tax software: research, create/update trial balance mapping and importing, create/update journal entry process, create procedures for software and train department members• Research change and updates to federal and state tax law and international transfer pricing • Maintain fixed asset additions and disposals on a tax basis for all affiliates• Perform and review monthly reconciliation of cash deposits and disbursements in tax accounts• Efficiently and effectively handle tax notices with IRS and various tax authorities• Train, delegate, and review projects to new interns and temps Accounting Clerk Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Easton, PA • Prepare corporate and partnership tax returns• Compile work papers used in completing dividend payments, estimate, extension and final tax returns• Maintain fixed asset additions and disposals on a tax basis for all entities• Performed monthly reconciliation of cash disbursements in tax accounts• Delegated and reviewed projects completed by interns• Contacted state department of revenues for clarification of tax notifications received Accounting Intern Company Name Goodman & Company, CPAs Dates Employed May 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos • Assisted with the preparation of corporate and individual income tax returns• Interacted with clients in regards to their tax returns• Assisted with client bookkeeping procedures, including meeting with them in reference to the procedures• Reorganized client database• Reviewed and revised inventory control system for an essential client Education Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Major: Accounting, Minor: Computer Forensics, Concentration: Fraud Examination Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Student Association for Fraud Examination, Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, Bloomsburg University Baseball Team, Bloomsburg University Club Baseball, Blue Mt. Amateur Baseball League Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 4 endorsements for Bookkeeping 4 Bookkeeping Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 4 endorsements for Income Tax 4 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) William N. Goodman, CPA Certified Public Accountant at Werner & Company, PC, CPAs August 24, 2011, William N. managed Jonathan directly John was a willing and capable intern. We wish we had a permanent opening for him. I am sure he will succeed and help his employers be profitable. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jonathan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Fraud Examiner Jonathan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Interests Victaulic 21,327 followers Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) 18,250 followers Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania 38,918 followers Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania 40,589 followers
More Actions BJ has a account BJ Weber Tax and Accounting Professional BJ Weber Tax and Accounting University of Phoenix Des Moines, Iowa Area 224 224 connections Send InMail Specialties: Certified Quickbooks ProAdvisor Highlights Experience Owner Company Name BJ Weber Tax and Accounting Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 11 mos Executive Director Company Name ICPC Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Owner Company Name Creative Learning Institute Dates Employed 1998 – 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education University of Phoenix Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Wes Weber and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 18 endorsements for QuickBooks 18 QuickBooks J. Kevin Gaudineer and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Wes Weber and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jody Halsted Freelance Writer | Ireland Enthusiast | Podcaster | Blogger March 26, 2010, Jody worked with BJ but at different companies If you're self employed and looking for a knowledgeable tax accountant I recommend talking with BJ. He spoke at the inaugural I_Blog Conference about new tax regulations, and you could tell he had done his homework on the subject- including quite a bit of time spent on the phone with the IRS.I trust BJ with my taxes. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Des Moines Opportunities 7,339 members University of Phoenix 786,307 followers University of Phoenix 821,357 followers
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Derkits Senior Tax Accountant at Victaulic Victaulic Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania Allentown, Pennsylvania Area 125 125 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Easton, PA Tax Accountant Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Easton, PA • Prepare and review tax returns/forms: 1065s, 8858s, 8865s, 1120S, and various S corporation and composite state returns• Prepare state apportionment, estimate, extension, and dividend calculations and payments • Compile and review data collection workpapers for domestic and foreign affiliates to comply with federal tax laws• Maintain ProSystem tax software: research, create/update trial balance mapping and importing, create/update journal entry process, create procedures for software and train department members• Research change and updates to federal and state tax law and international transfer pricing • Maintain fixed asset additions and disposals on a tax basis for all affiliates• Perform and review monthly reconciliation of cash deposits and disbursements in tax accounts• Efficiently and effectively handle tax notices with IRS and various tax authorities• Train, delegate, and review projects to new interns and temps Accounting Clerk Company Name Victaulic Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Easton, PA • Prepare corporate and partnership tax returns• Compile work papers used in completing dividend payments, estimate, extension and final tax returns• Maintain fixed asset additions and disposals on a tax basis for all entities• Performed monthly reconciliation of cash disbursements in tax accounts• Delegated and reviewed projects completed by interns• Contacted state department of revenues for clarification of tax notifications received Accounting Intern Company Name Goodman & Company, CPAs Dates Employed May 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos • Assisted with the preparation of corporate and individual income tax returns• Interacted with clients in regards to their tax returns• Assisted with client bookkeeping procedures, including meeting with them in reference to the procedures• Reorganized client database• Reviewed and revised inventory control system for an essential client Education Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Major: Accounting, Minor: Computer Forensics, Concentration: Fraud Examination Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Student Association for Fraud Examination, Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, Bloomsburg University Baseball Team, Bloomsburg University Club Baseball, Blue Mt. Amateur Baseball League Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 4 endorsements for Bookkeeping 4 Bookkeeping Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 4 endorsements for Income Tax 4 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Victaulic Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) William N. Goodman, CPA Certified Public Accountant at Werner & Company, PC, CPAs August 24, 2011, William N. managed Jonathan directly John was a willing and capable intern. We wish we had a permanent opening for him. I am sure he will succeed and help his employers be profitable. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jonathan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Fraud Examiner Jonathan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Interests Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania 38,918 followers Victaulic 21,327 followers Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania 40,589 followers Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) 18,250 followers
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Collins CPA, Business Appraiser Thomas Collins, CPA California State University-Sacramento Sacramento, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I specialize in forensic accounting and business valuations. I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with twenty years of public accounting experience and have been involved in 400 forensic accounting and business valuation cases. I have testified as an expert witness in Sacramento, Placer, El Dorado and Orange Counties in California. I've earned an Accredited in Business Valuation (ABV) designation and also hold the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA, Accredited in Business Valuation Company Name Thomas Collins, CPA Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Location Sacramento, California Area We perform business valuations for divorce, tax purposes and business transactions. We also provide forensic accounting services to attorneys to determine available income, perform asset tracings and calculate economic damages. Business Appraiser & Forensic Accountant Company Name Black & Company Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Jan 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Valued businesses, determined available income and other forensic accounting activities. We valued many businesses in the greater Sacramento area for divorce, estate and gift tax, shareholder disputes, ESOP and for other purposes. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Jun 1996 – Jan 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Tax consulting, review and preparation of business and individual tax returns. Accountant Company Name Cornelius & Company, CPAs Dates Employed 1995 – 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr Prepared tax returns and audited financial statements. Education California State University-Sacramento Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Valuation See 43 endorsements for Business Valuation 43 Business Valuation Craig C. Weaver and 42 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Forensic Accounting See 31 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 31 Forensic Accounting Craig C. Weaver and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 28 endorsements for Tax 28 Tax Endorsed by Steven Mopsick and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (4) Thomas M. Gilbert Owner, Gilbert Associates, Inc. March 17, 2016, Thomas M. managed Thomas directly Tom is our "go-to-guy" for valuations and valuation consulting. Client feed back has always been positive and we find him accessible and easy to work with. Greg LaFreniere CPA, ABV, CVA Partner at Wegner CPAs June 21, 2013, Greg worked with Thomas but at different companies Tom worked with me on multiple challenging business valuation projects over several years and I highly recommend him for his valuation knowledge and problem solving abilities. Tom is a valuation professional that can handle your valuation project no matter how complicated. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Sabrina Carlson Administrative Coordinator at Lindsay & Brownell, LLP February 6, 2014, Thomas was a client of Sabrina’s Sabrina supercharged my social media networking by setting goals, organizing my information, and routinely following up to ensure success. It was great working with her. Steven Mopsick Federal Tax Attorney at Mopsick Tax Law, LLP November 28, 2011, Thomas worked with Steven but at different companies Steve is a great guy who knows about helping clients with challeging IRS litigation matters. He has many years of tax litigation experience working at the IRS and in private practice. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Divorce advice 6,365 members Sacramento Divorce News & Information 491 members Business Valuation Resources 5,075 members WICPA Discussion Group 3,324 members California State University-Sacramento 128,192 followers California State University-Sacramento 132,220 followers
More Actions Amare Berhie, has a account Amare Berhie, Senior Tax Accountant Real Estate investment & Foreign Investor Advisor at ABA Tax Accounting ABA Tax Accounting St. Cloud State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Committed to Helping You Achieve the Highest Return on Your Investment! Amare & Associates LLC, dba: ABA Tax Accounting is a professional public accounting firm. With the direction of Mr. Amare Berhie, offers a wide range of services to our individual and business clients. Below, we have listed the services that we offer to our clients along with a brief description.  Outsourcing solutions for CPAs firms / accounting firms as well as other small, medium and large businesses who do not want to have a large in-house accounting team.  Financial statements - making sure your financial records are timely and accurate  Income Tax Preparation for all types including: • Individual returns • Partnership, limited partnership, family limited partnership, LLC, LLP, and LLLP returns • C corporation and S corporation returns • Consolidated returns • Trust and estate fiduciary returns • Sales tax report forms • Payroll report forms—quarterly and annual  Estate and gift tax returns  Tax-exempt organization returns  International tax areas like: • IC-DISC creation and operation • Foreign National returns • Tax equalization • Import/export issues.  Multi-state and international filings At ABA Tax Accounting, We believe in the value of relationships. We view every client relationship like a partnership, and truly believe that our success is a result of your success. We are committed to providing close, personal attention to our clients. We take pride in giving you the assurance that the personal assistance you receive comes from years of advanced training, technical experience and financial acumen. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments you may have - we would love to hear from you. Amare Berhie, Enrolled Agent Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor 10670 Hawthorn Trail St. Paul, MN 55129 amare@abataxaccounting.com www.abataxaccounting.com 651-621-5777 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Amare Berhie,’s Articles 2,293 followers Changes in Forms W-2 and W-3 Reporting Amare Berhie, Senior Tax Accountant on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 13, 2016 See 8 more articles IRS Withdraws Controversial Alternative Charitable Contribution Substantiation Regulations Amare Berhie, Senior Tax Accountant on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 12, 2016 Experience CEO & Senior Tax Accountant Company Name ABA Tax Accounting Dates Employed Nov 1989 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 8 mos Public accounting firm providing full-service accounting, taxation, small business consulting, and bookkeeping services.Advise clients in the areas of planning, research, and compliance. Review and prepare individual, partnership, LLC, and corporate tax returns along with consolidated and multi-state corporate and multi-state sales & use tax and property tax returns. Ensure timely and accurate delivery of working papers in accounting tax, payroll, small business consulting, and bookkeeping. Conduct thorough review of compliance and consolidate returns for corporate, S-corp, partnership, LLC, and LLP clients. Accurately prepare and review monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statement compilations. Monitor and manage payroll; guide and support clients in the areas of payroll tax returns, new hire reporting, and preparation of end of year W-2s and 1099-MISCs. Stories to tell: acquired the accounting firm - in exchange for services: satisfied an extensive backlog of work for previous owner's clients. Education St. Cloud State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Accounting: Enrolled Agent (EA) Licensed to Represent Taxpayers Before the IRS Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Amare Berhie, Enrolled Agent, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 25 endorsements for Small Business 25 Small Business Endorsed by Joe Donelon, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Endorsed by Amare Berhie, Enrolled Agent, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) J. Michael Gonzalez-Campoy, MD, PhD, FACE Medical Director and CEO, MNCOME May 16, 2010, Amare Berhie, was a client of J. Michael’s Amare has a very strong background as a business owner and entrepeneur. I have worked with him in the healthcare field, serving as medical director for his home healthcare company. His decision to work in the sales area of healthcare comes from a deep understanding of health care delivery in the US, and a desire to improve patient outcomes through access to better products and services. Amare brings enthusiasm and experience, and will add to any team he joins! Shewangizaw Worku MD at Allina Hospitals & Clinics May 12, 2010, Amare Berhie, worked with Shewangizaw in the same group April 13, 2010To whom it may concern I am writing this letter because I wanted to express my enthusiasm and appreciation for Mr. Amare Berhie, whom I have known since 1994.I have known Amare as an outstanding and exemplary member in our community. His hard work, dedication and honesty are all well recognized. As certified accountant he has successfully represented individuals and businesses. As real estate agent and insurance broker, he has also helped multiple families to be proud home owners and obtain coverage to protect their interest for their loved ones. His customers are always first. As pioneer in the Ethiopian community of Minneapolis, Amare's priceless contribution of his time, resources and technical skills in the establishment of Ethiopian Orthodox church is superb. The church started by Amare and his colleague’s hard work is now serving more than 1000 families. Amare is also a leader in a nationwide fund raising and grass route Minnesota based non-profit - the Ethiopian Children Fund organized to fund the construction of the first Cardiac Center in Ethiopia. His uninterrupted and unconditional support to youth and art organizations has helped the foundation of Finote Tibeb art center. I feel proud knowing Amare and his wonderful family. He is selfless, honest, reliable, dedicated and hard working person. His social and interpersonal skills are excellent. He is a good team player well appreciated by his coworkers, friends and family. I encourage you to consider Amare Berhie for your medical sales team.Please feel free to call or write if there are any questions.Thank you,Shewangizaw Work, MD, PhD hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amare Berhie, has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Amharic Interests Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,275,427 followers St. Cloud State University 67,004 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,286,983 followers Global Business Consultants and Networkers 16,262 members MTS Systems Corporation 9,076 followers ABA Tax Accounting 85 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leif E. has a account Leif E. Peterson, CPA Owner at Leif E Peterson, CPA Peterson Wealth Management, LLC Ferris State University Bay City, Michigan 171 171 connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant, Tax Preparation, Business Consulting Specialties: Small to Medium Size Businesses, Family Owned Businesses, Business Continuation Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Peterson Wealth Management, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Bay City, MI Owner Company Name Leif E. Peterson, CPA Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Sole Practitioner with a staff of 4 working to serve a diverse client base. Media (1) This position has 1 media Leif E Peterson, CPA Leif E Peterson, CPA This media is a link Owner Company Name The Cellular Connection - Bay City Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Full Service Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer. Where Customer Service generates repeat customers!! Partner Company Name Greenwood & Peterson, PC Dates Employed May 1995 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 14 yrs 2 mos Junior Accountant Company Name Gerald G. Greenwood, CPA Dates Employed May 1987 – Apr 1996 Employment Duration 9 yrs Entry Level Accountant Education Ferris State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 14 endorsements for Tax Preparation 14 Tax Preparation Teresa Close and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Kris Chartier and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Henrick (Rick) Pockrandt and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Michelle Lukezic Creative Director - Brand, Strategy, Visual Design, UX May 3, 2011, Michelle was a client of Leif E.’s Leif provides outstanding customer service. He goes above and beyond to make certain that his clients really "get it." He is very detail oriented and thorough. His clients' best interest are always on the top of his list. Leif is extremely accessible and always finds the time to answer all my questions in great detail. I can't image having another CPA. Scott Zimmer President at Air Advantage August 26, 2009, Scott was a client of Leif E.’s I have worked with Leif since we started our first company in 1994. Prior to that I worked with Leif at my previous employer. Leif is a man of high integrity, very trustworthy and provides great results. Leif gets to know his clients on a professional and personal level and puts his client's interests above his own. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leif E. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Leif E. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Leif E. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA, MICPA Interests Ferris State University 65,425 followers Michigan Association of CPAs 5,614 members AICPA 60,328 followers MICPA 637 followers CPA Sole Practitioners and CPA Small Firms 9,962 members Ferris State University 62,402 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ruchi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ruchi Shah, CPA Tax Supervisor at RSM US LLP RSM US LLP American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Orange County, California Area 220 220 connections Send InMail I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the state of California and Chartered Accountant in India with wide area of experience accounting, taxation, financial management and auditing. I have over 4 years of experience in public accounting working for clients in various industries with different corporate and tax structures. Specialties: Accounting, Tax Returns, External Audits, Financial Reporting, Tax Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Supervisor Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Tax Senior Associate Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Tax Senior Company Name The PUTMANGROUP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Irvine, California Tax Experienced Associate - Core Tax Services Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Orange County, California Area ==> Prepare federal and multistate tax returns for partnerships, Corporations and individuals using Go Systems RS==> Prepare consolidated return for Corporations==> Apply allocation and apportionment rules per operating agreement==> Prepare quarterly estimates & extension calculations==> Research and prepare work papers for various books to tax differences==> Handle IRS and FTB notices Accounting Manager & Tax Accountant Company Name SBS Inc. Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Laguna Niguel, CA ==> Prepare tax returns for individual, partnership, LLC, S Corp, C Corp, Trust==> Tax Planning, Tax Research and develop tax strategies for clients==> Maintain books for various clients including General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payables, Fixed Asset Accounting according to GAAP standards==> Make adjusting entries to correct books of accounts==> Prepare Compilation Reports See more positions Education American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Degree Name Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Field Of Study Accounting, Auditing, Taxation, Business Concepts Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: CALCPA Member Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name Chartered Accountant (CA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda Degree Name Master of Commerce Field Of Study Accounting & Financial Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Ruchi’s colleagues at MUKUND & ROHIT Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 5 endorsements for Financial Reporting 5 Financial Reporting Anuj Parikh and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 3 endorsements for Internal Audit 3 Internal Audit Viral Shah, PMP®, SAFe® PM/PO and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Shweta Desai Assistant Manager - Tax Cell at The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd. September 17, 2011, Shweta and Ruchi were students together Ruchi is diligent and has an organised way of working on any given assignment. She possesses good people skills which makes her a team player. Samik Shah Senior Financial Analyst September 15, 2011, Samik and Ruchi were students together We studied together for Charter accountancy (ICAI) as well as CPA (AICPA). A nice thing about her was, her grasping and analytical ability. As a person she very friendly in nature. I wish a her all success in life. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ruchi has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Hindi Ruchi has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Accountant Ruchi has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and finance Taxations, financial accounting, Business economics and conceps, Auditing Interests The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 212,591 followers PwC 1,356,132 followers The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda 40,393 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 225,857 followers The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda 38,898 followers
More Actions Joe has a account Joe Wolf, CPA Trusted CPA | Tax Advisor | Outsourced Controller | New Business Advisor | QuickBooks Accounting | International Tax Inemer & Wolf, LLP Baruch College Greater New York City Area 491 491 connections Send InMail Joe Wolf is a partner and owner of Inemer &amp; Wolf LLP, a leading CPA firm serving clients in New York City. Joe has worked with hundreds of businesses across a variety of industries including medical, dental, healthcare, media, entertainment, real estate, manufacturing, legal, hi-tech and many other professional service firms. He has the ability to understand the unique challenges facing small business owners and the experience to provide the right solutions. Businesses and individuals have hired Inemer &amp; Wolf when they need help with: • Tax planning and preparation • Business accounting • Tax compliance • Outsourced accounting • Outsource controllership and CFO services • International tax • Financial management and consulting • QuickBooks set up and maintenance • Starting a business • Incorporations and entity selection • IRS problem resolution • Succession planning • Business valuations • Estate and trust planning • Personal financial statements Joe Wolf graduated from Baruch College with a BBA in degree in accounting in 1983. He spent 6 years as controller and principal of 2 local wholesale-manufacturing companies and 5 years working in small and mid-sized public accounting firms. He was a partner in the firm of Gilbert, Cohen &amp; Wolf, LLP until 1996 when he became a sole practitioner, and in 2004, after a 4 year association, he joined with Ira to form Inemer &amp; Wolf, LLP. Joe's 17 years of broad public accounting experience combined with his background in business as controller and principal are extremely valuable in addressing clients' needs and providing solutions to the challenges they face. Specialties: International Tax | Establishing U.S. Operations | Hi Tech | Real Estate | IRS Problem Resolution | Outsourced Controllership See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA Firm Owner Company Name Inemer & Wolf, LLP Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Accounting and Tax Professional | Businesses and Individuals Company Name Inemer & Wolf, LLP Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs CPA Firm Owner Company Name Joseph Wolf CPA Dates Employed 1997 – 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs Partner Company Name Gilbert Cohen Wolf Dates Employed 1993 – 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Baruch College Degree Name BBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Dawn Hendrixson Manager, Product Management at Cox Automotive October 17, 2011, Joe was a client of Dawn’s Good personality, thoroughly knowledgeable, great to work with....... Accomplishments Interests Keller Williams Townhouse Division 68 members AccountantsWorld 33,569 followers New York State Society of CPAs 8,507 members Baruch College 114,188 followers Baruch College 118,642 followers Modern Marketing Methods for Accountants 4,093 members
More Actions John has a account John Abernethy VP, Corporate Strategy at K E Andrews K E Andrews Texas A&M University - Mays Business School Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail KE Andrews prides itself on being a firm focused on transferring our expertise to our clients. A "no exposure" and "no refund" result from a review is the best possible outcome for our clients and it means we have communicated well over the years! Formerly VP, Tax – Americas and West Africa and Global Director of Tax Accounting and Compliance for a Fortune 100 corporation. Prior to that, he was Vice President, Tax for a large international exploration and production company. Mr. Abernethy formed the first Texas LLP in the early Nineties to plan for Texas Franchise Tax and was the V.P. Tax at the first large publicly traded corporation to invert out of the U.S. tax system. Mr. Abernethy was responsible, as VP - Tax, for a very early filing for SUT refund on the casing issue currently being vigorously litigated in Texas. Mr. Abernethy is an alumnus PricewaterhouseCoopers, both Federal and SALT, and holds Bachelor of Accounting and Master of Taxation degrees from Texas A&M University. Mr. Abernethy is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and an Adjunct Professor of Accounting and Tax. (K E Andrews is not a CPA firm). Specialties: Energy related activity taxes - Severance, SUT, and Franchise & Income Tax See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience VP, Corporate Strategy Company Name K E Andrews Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Creating value.1) Led an intense effort on the manufacturing exemption for TX SUT, culminating in a new and engineering based argument for our exploration & production clients.2) Performed a major natural gas production tax reviews that generated a significant refund for a client. Love the field visits!3) Created a new TX gross margins tax planning concept. Director, Federal Income Tax Company Name Ryan, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Dallas, Texas Mr. Abernethy led a tax planning team that brought innovative concepts to the marketplace. His team used federal tax law to significantly reduce Texas franchise tax (the GMT) and also was very involved in an annual recurring federal and state permanent difference that resulted from an enterprise risk management concept involving captive insurance.Published an article in The Tax Executive magazine related to federal income tax planning, risk and accounting for income taxes. VP, Tax Americas and West Africa Company Name Hess Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Houston Responsible for all taxes of the Americas and West Africa division of Hess, including state and local income and transactional taxes as well as all taxes in foreign jurisdictions. Reduced an audit assessment in West Africa from $113MM to $12MM, created significant cash tax savings through planning in Colombia, managed multiple aggressive PSC tax audits. Caused an SUT lawsuit for refund on the downhole casing issue, filed in 2004. Instituted Sar Box and FIN 48 across all jurisdictions. Vice President, Tax Company Name Triton Energy Ltd. Dates Employed Sep 1995 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs Triton Energy was a high-end global exploration and production company. Originally incorporated in Delaware, it "inverted" to the Cayman Islands in 1996 in the first taxable public company flip (setting a trend that ended with IRC Section 7874). Triton had major oil discoveries in South America, SE Asia and West Africa and was acquired by Amerada Hess in August 2001. SALT - Energy Practice Company Name PwC Dates Employed 1994 – 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Dallas and Houston See more positions Education Texas A&M University - Mays Business School Degree Name Masters in Tax Field Of Study Federal Income Tax Activities and Societies: AICPA, TSCPA, TEI, CICA Skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax Corporate Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax Income Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law Tax Law Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Debbie Lyon, CPC 281-600-8181 July 28, 2014, John was a client of Debbie’s John was a client in hiring Tax Professionals, while with Hess Corporation. John has remained a client, currently with KEA Tax Services. John is well known and highly respected as a Tax Executive. John has built a number of successful Tax groups. John is a Motivator. He is a Mentor and Trainer. John is very realistic in his expectations, for himself and his team. John has overcome many obstacles and still has the time and energy to give back. As a client John is amazing client to work with. He's a recruiters dream. John has a goal and runs with it. After working with him and tweaking our search to fit his tax needs, we successfully identified two professionals for his Tax Team. A French Speaking Tax Professional who knew Expat TAX and was able to translate from French to English and Expat Tax Manager. I highly recommend John as a Service Provider, Client and Friend. Joe Ritchie Director Finance - Hess Corporation June 14, 2011, Joe worked with John in different groups John is very smart tax professional. He makes the complex simple to understand. (I always feel a little smarter after working with him.) John understands the business first and then searches for tax solutions. He's also a nice guy. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Debbie Lyon, CPC 281-600-8181 July 23, 2010, John was a client of Debbie’s Debbie finds great tax professionals. She once found a French speaking tax person willing to work in West Africa for me. She is amazing! Accomplishments Interests Cargill 484,733 followers Chesapeake Energy 95,855 followers Financial Services Career Center™ 142,320 members Tesoro Corporation 45,576 followers DrillingExchange.com - Drilling Equipment Marketplace 1,002 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a account Brett Phillips TTDAS Senior at Ernst & Young LLP EY Gonzaga University Graduate School of Business San Jose, California 266 266 connections Send InMail Passed all parts of the Uniform Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Exam and recently received a CPA license in the state of California. Enjoys and is passionate about accountancy and technology. Special interests include technology, airline industry, auditing, and forensic accounting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Technology & Data Analytics Services Senior Company Name EY Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Jose, California Produced Country-by-Country reports through consolidating entity specific trial balances to the country levelDemonstrated technical accounting knowledge through preparing quarterly and year-end tax provision related to stock-based compensationExhibited advanced data analytical skills by utilizing SQL Server, Excel, and Access to manipulate and clean dataIncreased profit margins by automating processes and increasing workflow efficiency Generated new revenue streams through developing and implementing new service offeringsCreated advanced Tableau visualizations allowing users to interact with large data sets and make business decisionsDeveloped advanced .NET MVC web-based applications to solve technical tax issues and increase workflow efficiency Graduate Assistant Company Name Gonzaga University Graduate School of Business Dates Employed Sep 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Researched accounting data to develop new ideas and conclusions affecting public accountingHelped establish curriculum for new personal finance courseCommunicated closely with professors to develop expectations of students Tax Preparer Company Name Liberty Tax Service Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Facilitated an environment where clients could be comfortable and confident in our serviceCommunicated with clients regarding technical tax lawsDemonstrated an ability to learn quickly to provide clients with exceptional service Tax Technology & Data Analytic Services Intern Company Name EY Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Jose, California Exhibited advance knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Access through project oriented applicationsDemonstrated advanced data analytical skills by utilizing Microsoft Excel and Access to filter and manipulate dataProven ability to learn quickly and provide services without previous experience through self-learning Accounting Tutor Company Name BYU-Idaho Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Exhibited sound knowledge of accounting principles by teaching and instructing while also maintaining friendly relationships with studentsDisplayed the attribute to be self-learned as changes occur in class materialCurrently tutor for: Financial Accounting 201, Managerial Accounting 202, and Intermediate Accounting 301 See more positions Education Gonzaga University Graduate School of Business Degree Name Master of Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Cumulative GPA 3.70 Brigham Young University - Idaho Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Student Accounting Society Cumulative GPA: 3.96Major GPA: 3.92Awarded the Accounting Department Outstanding Graduate award Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Josh Coffin ☁ ⛅️ and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brett’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 14 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 14 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 4 of Brett’s colleagues at EY Endorsed by 8 people who know Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 12 endorsements for Financial Accounting 12 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Ryan Stratford and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ryan Stratford PwC Transaction Services - CMAAS Experienced Associate November 8, 2012, Ryan was a client of Brett’s Brett has helped me numerous times in understanding accounting concepts that I have found difficult. Unlike some tutors, Brett is always confident about what he is teaching. His ability to clarify concepts from the tax code or the GAAP Codification is unparalleled by any tutor I have had. The principles in the tax code and the codification are often very "wordy" and "hard-to-read"; however, Brett is able to explain them in plain English so that anyone can understand. Aside from his expertise - he is extremely personable; that is always a plus. On a professional level, I have no doubt that Brett will be an asset to whoever he works for. Right away, his managers will recognize his expertise and be confident in the quality and accuracy of his work. Moreover, Brett will be someone that his firm wants dealing with clients because of his personality and excellent ability to communicate. If you are looking for someone that is highly competent, personable, and trustworthy - look no further. Joseph Smith Laufer Energy Professor of Energy, Missouri University of Science and Technology October 8, 2012, Brett worked with Joseph in the same group I worked with Brett when he was a volunteer for our church. He was very dynamic and outgoing in his work and was extremely committed to his work which resulted in his being very successful in his work. I highly recommend Brett for his leadership skills and his commitment to quality service. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brett has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Accounting Theory Accounting for Income Tax Advanced Accounting Advanced Spreadsheets Audit Research and Practice Auditing Cost Accounting Financial Accounting Financial Accounting Research and Practice Interests Gonzaga University 34,423 followers PwC 1,356,132 followers Brigham Young University-Idaho 22,641 members Brigham Young University - Idaho 79,482 followers American Airlines 276,216 followers EY 1,748,723 followers See all See all following
More Actions Terry has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Terry Jackson Owner, Terry D. Jackson, P.C. Terry D. Jackson, P.C. University of Georgia School of Law Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Trial Attorney with more than 20 years of experience. Trial practice focusing on trucking, automobile, and serious motor vehicle collision cases with 100 plus trials in state and federal court, and more than $100 million recovered for represented clients. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Terry D. Jackson, P.C. Dates Employed Dec 1996 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 7 mos Trial Lawyers. Trial Attorney Company Name James Lee Ford, P.C. Dates Employed Oct 1994 – Nov 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Atlanta, GA Trial Attorney. Tax Consultant Company Name BellSouth Corporation Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Nov 1994 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Tax Consultant Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Sep 1986 – May 1990 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Tax Accountant Education University of Georgia School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name M.Acc. Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Graduate, High Honors. University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name B.S. Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Activities and Societies: Graduate, High Honors; Beta Alpha Psi, ROTC, DMS & DMG Distinguished Military Student & Graduate, Beta Gamma Sigma Featured Skills & Endorsements Trial Practice See 70 endorsements for Trial Practice 70 Trial Practice Endorsed by Jonathan Pope and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Civil Litigation See 49 endorsements for Civil Litigation 49 Civil Litigation Endorsed by Jim Vititoe and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Trials See 44 endorsements for Trials 44 Trials Endorsed by Jim Vititoe and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Joe Fried Trial Attorney Specializing in Major Truck Crash Cases Nationally - Best Lawyers 2016 Georgia PI Lawyer of the Year July 8, 2015, Joe worked with Terry but at different companies Terry is a fantastic lawyer who cares deeply about his clients and works tirelessly to get them the justice they deserve. Bruce Barrickman BAY Mediation & Arbitration Services April 26, 2015, Bruce worked with Terry but at different companies I got to know Terry in a case I was defending. Terry proved to be very knowledgeable, always prepared, a tenacious advocate for his client and actually a pleasure to deal with. Terry did a great job for his client, and it is clear to me that he would do the same for all of his clients. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Georgia School of Law Alumni 2,395 members Trial Lawyer Network for Lawyers and Attorneys 14,141 members University of Georgia School of Law 23,670 followers University of Georgia School of Law 23,718 followers The National Trial Lawyers 3,095 members University of Tennessee, Knoxville 151,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Cohen, CPA Auditor III at City of Baltimore Department of Audits City of Baltimore Department of Audits The Community College of Baltimore County Baltimore, Maryland Area 392 392 connections Send InMail Steven is a Maryland licensed CPA with experience in accounting, auditing, tax, and attestations. His major focus is in state and local governments and non-profit and for-profit entities. Steven's goal is to continue in this direction and/or expand his focus to be a consultant with internal auditors, CFO's, or Controllers. Specialties: Financial Audits, reviews, compilations, and assurance services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Auditor III Company Name City of Baltimore Department of Audits Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Supervision of Auditor staff on assigned audits and assume the role as Lead Auditor on the Audits performed on agencies with the City of Baltimore.. Auditor II - CPA Company Name City of Baltimore - Department of Audits Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Perform Financial, Performance, and Annual Audits and Single Audits for the City of Baltimore agencies. Senior Auditor Company Name Mcquade Brennan, LLP Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Performance of Audits and Single Audits on Charter Schools and Not-For-Profit entities. Served as an Outsourced CFO for a non- profit entity. Independent Consulting Company Name Full Cycle Accounting, Auditing, and Tax Preparation Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Provided accounting services for middle-market to large companies, including drafting specialized and monthly financial reports per client requests. Performed Auditing services to not-for-profit organizations, encompassing internal control review, financial statement preparation, and the Internal Revenue Service Forms 990 and 990EZ. Completed financial assessment of clients’ accounts and financial media that project increased financial stability, and closer adherence to budgetary constraints, if applicable.o 60 Professional CPA Firm Preparation of audit/review/compilation documentation and financial statements. Played a pivotal role in the facilitation of templates to streamline the planning and execution of audit/review/compilation engagements. Direct client contact and responsible for managing a variety of tasks on engagements. Preparation of Tax Projections and planning for client review.o 50 Member Financial Business Center Providing quarterly write-ups for small businesses. Preparation of year-end taxes. Drafting of client specific financial statements. Payroll returns needed by client to satisfy Federal and State guidelines. Auditor/Accountant Company Name Lindsey + Associates, LLC Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Lindsey + Associates, LLC is a certified public accounting and consulting firm headquartered in Towson, Maryland (just north of Baltimore). My primary focus was on accounting, auditing, and tax services to state and local governments, and non-profit and for-profit organizations. Performance of interim and year-end fieldwork, and preparation of annual financial statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and Government Auditing Standards for state and local governments. Completed the A-133 Single Audits and the Uniform Financial Reports for municipalities. Filed the IRS Forms 990 and 990EZ for non-profit entities. performed auditing, accounting, and tax services to local housing authorities. See more positions Education The Community College of Baltimore County Degree Name A.A.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society Graduated Summa Cum Laude University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1980 Borra CPA Review Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 14 endorsements for Auditing 14 Auditing Endorsed by Richard Shelton, CPA, CFE, CGMA, CFP, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 9 endorsements for GAAP 9 GAAP Phyllis Corby and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by Richard Shelton, CPA, CFE, CGMA, CFP, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Steven has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Legislative Governmental Auditors Interests Linked CPA 44,278 members University of Maryland Baltimore County 62,687 followers University of Maryland Baltimore County 59,528 followers The Community College of Baltimore County 21,774 followers Governmental - Not-for-Profit Accounting and Auditing Issues 25,978 members Clifton Gunderson LLP 5,528 followers See all See all following
More Actions MICHAEL J. has a account MICHAEL J. KANG CPA Accountant at koreancpa.net Pace University - Lubin School of Business Greater New York City Area 158 158 connections Send InMail Michael J. Kang CPA is a certified QuickBooks proadvisor, proficient in Korean. Our firm is a tax and accounting firm representing a diverse list of high income net worth individuals as well as a variety of commercial clients. The commercial clients include Real Estate, Financial Management and Professional Practices for whom we provide tax, bookkeeping, accounting, auditing and payroll services. Accounting and Tax excite me. With our profession, the world can go on. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Korean CPA Company Name Accountant at koreancpa.net Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Michael J. Kang CPA is a certified QuickBooks proadvisor, proficient in Korean. Accountant - Manager Company Name Accountant at Weber Moses & Co Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location 225 Broadway Suite 2420 New York NY 10007 Tax, Accounting Accountant Company Name Accountant at Ui Jin Lee CPA PC Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 1270 Broadway New York NY 10001 Tax, Accounting Education Pace University - Lubin School of Business Degree Name Master Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Hanyang University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by 6 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 18 endorsements for Tax Accounting 18 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 5 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 4 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Linda S. Kim, CPA Senior Accountant at Weber, Moses & Co. February 25, 2015, MICHAEL J. worked with Linda S. in the same group Very detailed-oriented and a trustworthy CPA. he's an expert in individual, corporation, partnership, non-profits and trusts tax returns.Michael offers clients an integrated approach to their financial planning of individual and entities tax returns. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MICHAEL J. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor MICHAEL J. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Korean Interests Massage Therapy 29,264 members Medical Billing & Coding Forum 48,212 members Pace University - Lubin School of Business 35,327 followers A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members koreancpa.net 7 followers Medical Coding and Billing Forum 6,867 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Barjon Tax | Senior Manager | PwC PwC Bryant College Zürich Area, Switzerland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Zürich Area, Switzerland Senior Manager Company Name WeiserMazars LLP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Chicago, IL Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago, Illinois Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Basel, Switzerland Senior Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hamilton, Bermuda See more positions Education Bryant College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 32 endorsements for International Tax 32 International Tax Endorsed by 13 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 29 endorsements for Income Tax 29 Income Tax Endorsed by Elizabeth Redman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 22 endorsements for Tax Advisory 22 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 8 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA TEP Interests Forum for Expatriate Management - Chicago Chapter 78 members Bryant University 39,342 followers Bryant University 38,293 followers Praxity participants 1,305 members PwC 1,356,132 followers Mazars USA LLP 8,135 followers See all See all following
More Actions Preston has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Preston Anderson, CPA We give restaurant and bar owners financial control of their business helping them save $15,000 to $50,000 a year. Restaurant.Tax Brigham Young University - Idaho Naperville, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections InMail Preston Anderson is a CPA specializing in accounting, money management, and strategic planning for restaurants. He graduated in accounting and spent the first 10 years of his career as a tax expert in the Chicagoland area. Three years ago he founded and built his successful accounting firm Anderson Accounting Company. Because of his experience helping many restaurants he has a unique understanding of the complexities experienced by this specific industry. For the average restaurant owner, because of his unique understanding of the tax law and the intricacies of restaurant accounting, they can save thousands, EVERY YEAR. READY TO TALK? Contact info is below: See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Preston’s Articles 5,098 followers Cash Isn't Always King: 5 Reasons Why Your Business Should Be Using Credit Cards, Now Preston Anderson, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 28, 2016 See all articles Experience Owner Company Name Restaurant.Tax Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Naperville, IL Owner Company Name Anderson Accounting Co Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location 800 W 5th Ave Suite 213, Naperville, IL 60563 Media (1) This position has 1 media Anderson Logo Anderson Logo This media is an image Accountant Company Name Lee Mandel & Associates, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Naperville, IL Education Brigham Young University - Idaho Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 108 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Jean Pierre De Rurange and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 80 endorsements for QuickBooks 80 QuickBooks Endorsed by Liz Kuhn, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 109 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Jean Pierre De Rurange and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (4) Matthew Windsor Managing Partner at TagPrints Digital March 9, 2015, Matthew was a client of Preston’s I met Preston a few years ago during a networking event. Since then I have probably recommend Preston to over 20 people that continue to use him to this date. He is detail oriented and really stays on top of things. Every time I see someone that I have recommended to Preston, they thank me over and over again. I will continue to recommend him to everyone needing an accountant. Dan O'Donovan Helping manufacturing executives and private equity partners improve efficiency, grow revenue, & increase profit margins January 10, 2015, Dan worked with Preston but at different companies I have known Preston since 2012 and worked with him in a number of different capacities over the years - referral partner while at ADP, customer of mine with Paradigm Brokerage, and tax services for my business and personal returns. He is extremely knowledgable, understands the complexities of running a small business, and constantly looks for ways to do what's best for his clients. In addition, I've referred several friends and customers to Preston because I think his approach to accounting and tax services is very PROACTIVE, versus reactive…and I think that's not only advantageous, but necessary in his line of work! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Dan O'Donovan Helping manufacturing executives and private equity partners improve efficiency, grow revenue, & increase profit margins March 8, 2015, Preston worked with Dan but at different companies I have worked with Dan for the past few years going back to his days at ADP. He has been a great partner in everything he does. In working with Dan as both an adviser and as a client, I have been able to experience his unique approach and have even tried to incorporate what he does into my own business. I would recommend Dan to anyone with insurance needs (which is everyone). Andy Marsh Marketing Technology Entrepreneur Boosting Event Engagement for Big Brands & Agencies March 8, 2015, Preston worked with Andy but at different companies Andy has an aptitude for understanding clients. It is what that makes him stand out in the ever changing world of social media. He pays close attention to what you say during consultation sessions and tries to capture the essence of your requests in his work. Andy and the team at TagPrints would be a great partner for any business. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Preston has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Preston has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests City of Naperville 1,813 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,152,964 followers The Bean Counter 273 followers Drake Software 2,024 followers Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members InsuranceSplash 1,385 followers See all See all following
More Actions Terry has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Terry Jackson Owner, Terry D. Jackson, P.C. Terry D. Jackson, P.C. University of Georgia School of Law Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Trial Attorney with more than 20 years of experience. Trial practice focusing on trucking, automobile, and serious motor vehicle collision cases with 100 plus trials in state and federal court, and more than $100 million recovered for represented clients. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Terry D. Jackson, P.C. Dates Employed Dec 1996 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 7 mos Trial Lawyers. Trial Attorney Company Name James Lee Ford, P.C. Dates Employed Oct 1994 – Nov 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Atlanta, GA Trial Attorney. Tax Consultant Company Name BellSouth Corporation Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Nov 1994 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Tax Consultant Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Sep 1986 – May 1990 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Tax Accountant Education University of Georgia School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name M.Acc. Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Graduate, High Honors. University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name B.S. Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Activities and Societies: Graduate, High Honors; Beta Alpha Psi, ROTC, DMS & DMG Distinguished Military Student & Graduate, Beta Gamma Sigma Featured Skills & Endorsements Trial Practice See 70 endorsements for Trial Practice 70 Trial Practice Endorsed by Jonathan Pope and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Civil Litigation See 49 endorsements for Civil Litigation 49 Civil Litigation Endorsed by Jim Vititoe and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Trials See 44 endorsements for Trials 44 Trials Endorsed by Jim Vititoe and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Joe Fried Trial Attorney Specializing in Major Truck Crash Cases Nationally - Best Lawyers 2016 Georgia PI Lawyer of the Year July 8, 2015, Joe worked with Terry but at different companies Terry is a fantastic lawyer who cares deeply about his clients and works tirelessly to get them the justice they deserve. Bruce Barrickman BAY Mediation & Arbitration Services April 26, 2015, Bruce worked with Terry but at different companies I got to know Terry in a case I was defending. Terry proved to be very knowledgeable, always prepared, a tenacious advocate for his client and actually a pleasure to deal with. Terry did a great job for his client, and it is clear to me that he would do the same for all of his clients. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The National Trial Lawyers 3,095 members University of Georgia School of Law Alumni 2,395 members Trial Lawyer Network for Lawyers and Attorneys 14,141 members University of Tennessee, Knoxville 151,145 followers University of Georgia School of Law 23,670 followers University of Tennessee, Knoxville 154,825 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alan has a account Alan Cohen Director, Head of US Tax Compliance, Deloitte, Tel Aviv Deloitte CUNY Baruch College Israel 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Tel Aviv, Israel Head of US tax compliance Executive Director Company Name EY Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Tel Aviv Head of US tax compliance Head of US Tax Desk Company Name Somekh Chaikin KPMG Israel Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Managing Director Company Name US Tax & Financial Services Middle East Gmbh Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Tel Aviv, Israel Head of US Tax Desk Company Name KPMG Somekh Chaikin Dates Employed May 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos See more positions Education CUNY Baruch College Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 CUNY Queens College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1981 Graduated Magna Cum Laude Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 33 endorsements for Tax 33 Tax Endorsed by Joseph Ronan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 25 endorsements for International Tax 25 International Tax Endorsed by Seth Tovey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 22 endorsements for Corporate Tax 22 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Joseph Ronan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Shmulik Algranati Partner at Vita, Algranati & Co. July 11, 2011, Alan worked with Shmulik in the same group “I worked with Alan on several projects in which he demonstrated a high level of proffesionalism together with a high level of interpersonal relations. Alan is extremely knowledgeable, professional, with a very deep knowledge of US taxation." Shmulik Algranati Partner at Vita, Algranati & Co. May 27, 2011, Shmulik worked with Alan in the same group Shmulik and I worked closely together to service many clients with complex cross border US and Israeli tax matters. Shmulik is a hard working professional who has a knack for finding practical solutions for complicated issues. Accomplishments Alan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Interests KPMG US 455,534 followers EY 1,748,724 followers Deloitte 2,201,900 followers
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Barjon Tax | Senior Manager | PwC PwC Bryant College Zürich Area, Switzerland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Zürich Area, Switzerland Senior Manager Company Name WeiserMazars LLP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Chicago, IL Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago, Illinois Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Basel, Switzerland Senior Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hamilton, Bermuda See more positions Education Bryant College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 32 endorsements for International Tax 32 International Tax Endorsed by 13 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 29 endorsements for Income Tax 29 Income Tax Endorsed by Elizabeth Redman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 22 endorsements for Tax Advisory 22 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 8 of Richard’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA TEP Interests Bryant University 38,293 followers American Citizens Abroad 295 members Français et Francophones de Chicago 2,929 members Forum for Expatriate Management - Chicago Chapter 78 members Praxity participants 1,305 members PwC Switzerland 6,962 followers See all See all following
More Actions Preston has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Preston Anderson, CPA We give restaurant and bar owners financial control of their business helping them save $15,000 to $50,000 a year. Restaurant.Tax Brigham Young University - Idaho Naperville, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections InMail Preston Anderson is a CPA specializing in accounting, money management, and strategic planning for restaurants. He graduated in accounting and spent the first 10 years of his career as a tax expert in the Chicagoland area. Three years ago he founded and built his successful accounting firm Anderson Accounting Company. Because of his experience helping many restaurants he has a unique understanding of the complexities experienced by this specific industry. For the average restaurant owner, because of his unique understanding of the tax law and the intricacies of restaurant accounting, they can save thousands, EVERY YEAR. READY TO TALK? Contact info is below: See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Preston’s Articles 5,098 followers Cash Isn't Always King: 5 Reasons Why Your Business Should Be Using Credit Cards, Now Preston Anderson, CPA on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 28, 2016 See all articles Experience Owner Company Name Restaurant.Tax Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Naperville, IL Owner Company Name Anderson Accounting Co Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location 800 W 5th Ave Suite 213, Naperville, IL 60563 Media (1) This position has 1 media Anderson Logo Anderson Logo This media is an image Accountant Company Name Lee Mandel & Associates, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Naperville, IL Education Brigham Young University - Idaho Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 108 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Jean Pierre De Rurange and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 80 endorsements for QuickBooks 80 QuickBooks Endorsed by Liz Kuhn, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 109 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Jean Pierre De Rurange and 99+ connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (4) Matthew Windsor Managing Partner at TagPrints Digital March 9, 2015, Matthew was a client of Preston’s I met Preston a few years ago during a networking event. Since then I have probably recommend Preston to over 20 people that continue to use him to this date. He is detail oriented and really stays on top of things. Every time I see someone that I have recommended to Preston, they thank me over and over again. I will continue to recommend him to everyone needing an accountant. Dan O'Donovan Helping manufacturing executives and private equity partners improve efficiency, grow revenue, & increase profit margins January 10, 2015, Dan worked with Preston but at different companies I have known Preston since 2012 and worked with him in a number of different capacities over the years - referral partner while at ADP, customer of mine with Paradigm Brokerage, and tax services for my business and personal returns. He is extremely knowledgable, understands the complexities of running a small business, and constantly looks for ways to do what's best for his clients. In addition, I've referred several friends and customers to Preston because I think his approach to accounting and tax services is very PROACTIVE, versus reactive…and I think that's not only advantageous, but necessary in his line of work! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Dan O'Donovan Helping manufacturing executives and private equity partners improve efficiency, grow revenue, & increase profit margins March 8, 2015, Preston worked with Dan but at different companies I have worked with Dan for the past few years going back to his days at ADP. He has been a great partner in everything he does. In working with Dan as both an adviser and as a client, I have been able to experience his unique approach and have even tried to incorporate what he does into my own business. I would recommend Dan to anyone with insurance needs (which is everyone). Andy Marsh Marketing Technology Entrepreneur Boosting Event Engagement for Big Brands & Agencies March 8, 2015, Preston worked with Andy but at different companies Andy has an aptitude for understanding clients. It is what that makes him stand out in the ever changing world of social media. He pays close attention to what you say during consultation sessions and tries to capture the essence of your requests in his work. Andy and the team at TagPrints would be a great partner for any business. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Preston has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Preston has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Anderson.Tax 1 followers Experience Triathlon 47 followers Expert QuickBooks Help 14,478 members TagPrints Digital 66 followers Brigham Young University - Idaho 75,685 followers Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members See all See all following
More Actions MICHAEL J. has a account MICHAEL J. KANG CPA Accountant at koreancpa.net Pace University - Lubin School of Business Greater New York City Area 158 158 connections Send InMail Michael J. Kang CPA is a certified QuickBooks proadvisor, proficient in Korean. Our firm is a tax and accounting firm representing a diverse list of high income net worth individuals as well as a variety of commercial clients. The commercial clients include Real Estate, Financial Management and Professional Practices for whom we provide tax, bookkeeping, accounting, auditing and payroll services. Accounting and Tax excite me. With our profession, the world can go on. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Korean CPA Company Name Accountant at koreancpa.net Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Michael J. Kang CPA is a certified QuickBooks proadvisor, proficient in Korean. Accountant - Manager Company Name Accountant at Weber Moses & Co Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location 225 Broadway Suite 2420 New York NY 10007 Tax, Accounting Accountant Company Name Accountant at Ui Jin Lee CPA PC Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 1270 Broadway New York NY 10001 Tax, Accounting Education Pace University - Lubin School of Business Degree Name Master Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Hanyang University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by 6 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 18 endorsements for Tax Accounting 18 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 5 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 4 of MICHAEL J.’s colleagues at Weber Moses & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Linda S. Kim, CPA Senior Accountant at Weber, Moses & Co. February 25, 2015, MICHAEL J. worked with Linda S. in the same group Very detailed-oriented and a trustworthy CPA. he's an expert in individual, corporation, partnership, non-profits and trusts tax returns.Michael offers clients an integrated approach to their financial planning of individual and entities tax returns. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MICHAEL J. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor MICHAEL J. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Korean Interests CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members koreancpa.net 7 followers 한양대학교 24,286 followers Hurom America 31 followers The Certified Public Accountants Group 10,510 members Weber Moses & Co 78 followers See all See all following
More Actions CHRISTINE has a account CHRISTINE KOHN ** RETIRED Tax Accountant ** CHRISTINE W. KOHN, PLLC Alma College Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 334 334 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience ** SEMI-RETIRED Tax Accountant ** Company Name CHRISTINE W. KOHN, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 6 mos Location Greenville, MI Principal Company Name Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greenville, MI I am pleased to announce that my practice has merged with/been acquired by Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors, effective 1/01/2015. Am looking forward to working with their great professional staff and being able to offer a broader range of services to my clients. Please feel free to stop in and visit us at our new office at 114 North Lafayette Street, Greenville, MI 48838....we look forward to seeing you! Media (2) This position has 2 media Hungerford Nichols Merger Announcement Hungerford Nichols Merger Announcement This media is a document HUNGERFORD NICHOLS CPAs + ADVISORS Greenville Office Staff HUNGERFORD NICHOLS CPAs + ADVISORS Greenville Office Staff This media is an image Tax Accountant & Consulting Company Name CHRISTINE W. KOHN (Sole Proprietor) Dates Employed Jan 1978 – Dec 1997 Employment Duration 20 yrs Location Greenville, MI Tax Accountant & Consulting Trust Tax Officer Company Name MICHIGAN NATIONAL BANK Dates Employed Sep 1975 – May 1985 Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos Education Alma College Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study French, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Alma Choir, Resident Assistant, Alpha Theta, Homecoming Queen Volunteer Experience Mentor at Middle School & High School Company Name Greenville Public Schools Dates volunteered Jan 1997 – Present Volunteer duration 20 yrs 6 mos Cause Children Member Board of Directors Company Name Greenville Area Community Center Dates volunteered Jan 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 6 mos Cause Arts and Culture Past Member of the Board of Directors Company Name Greenville Area Community Foundation See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 27 endorsements for Income Tax 27 Income Tax Gerri Pasi and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 21 endorsements for Tax Preparation 21 Tax Preparation Dean Jensen and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of CHRISTINE’S colleagues at Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lee Beard Tax Accountant at Data Specialists, Inc. November 9, 2016, Lee worked with CHRISTINE in the same group Lee Beard has an excellent grasp of individual income tax law and is a pleasure to work with! His ability to work closely with clients and to provide them with exceptional personal service is superb. I would highly recommend Lee to anyone needing a tax accountant. Accomplishments Interests Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors 407 followers Alma College 11,742 followers Alma College 9,464 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Case Tax Senior Manager at Frazier & Deeter, LLC Frazier & Deeter, LLC Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Tax professional with over 8 years of experience in tax compliance & tax planning across a variety of industries. Areas of taxation include: Large Private Corporations (Medical Device, Manufacturing, Medical Practices); Partnerships (Real Estate, Investment Funds, Manufacturing, Professional Services, etc...); S Corporations; and High Net Worth Individuals. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Manager Company Name Frazier & Deeter, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Atlanta, GA Tax Manager Company Name Frazier & Deeter, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Atlanta, GA Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Burge & Associates, PC Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Decatur, Georgia Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name Master of Taxation (MTx) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Tau Alpha Chi Bob Jones University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Volunteer Experience Board Member: Treasurer Company Name Peace Preparatory Academy Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Private school established during 2015 in Atlanta's west side neighborhood, English Avenue Skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks QuickBooks Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting Tax Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Enrolled Agent Interests Freight Reach Services LLC 499 followers GalloMeet, LLC 5 followers Bob Jones University 18,938 followers ACG Atlanta 946 members Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business 29,657 followers Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members See all See all following
More Actions Kathy has a account Kathy Davis Full Service Tax & Accounting Firm | Specializing in Closely-Held Businesses | Collaborating with Your Professional Team Davis CPA & Associates LLC Mount Union College Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 320 320 connections Send InMail My clients have learned to rely on me for their tax and business consulting needs. Beyond that, however, lies a trust and confidence in my business expertise and dedication to each client's success. One key difference experienced by my clients comes from my attention to detail and focus on each client's unique needs. My clients know from the start that they have entrusted their business to an advisor who will treat it as she would her own, helping them meet their challenges head-on and achieve their goals. Client meetings involve asking the tough questions, probing to identify issues that lie beneath the surface, knowing that often those are the concerns that are most important. My focus is always on the client, working with them on the tough questions and helping equip them to meet upcoming challenges. I am not only knowledgeable and accessible, but I take great pride in providing my clients with the very best counsel possible - in clear, concise and understandable terms. The best part of my job is the seeing my clients success! Specialties: Financial Analysis and Management Reporting, Business Budgeting, Profit Enhancement Consulting, Business Expansion Projections, Consolidated Financial Statements for Multiple Companies, Tax Planning both Corporate and Individual, Cash Management, Auditing, Tax Research, General Accounting Procedures, Staff Supervision and Training, Payroll Tax Filings See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Davis CPA & Associates LLC Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Fairlawn, OH Trusted Advisor for my clients both individual and business Regional Tax Manager Company Name Bekaert Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Bekaert Corporation is an international manufacturer of steel cord and wire products. My responsibilities are all domestic tax filings, analyzing all Federal Schedule M adjustments, LIFO inventory computation, tax planning, and forecasting tax attributes. The computation of the quarterly deferred tax computations with numerous book to tax adjustments. Responsible for centralizing the sales tax process for all plants in the U.S. ensuring compliance with the states and handling the state audits as they arise. Responsible for the completion of the Transfer Pricing study for related party transactions. Working with various plant locations on tax projects to minimize tax liability. Principle Company Name Rea & Associates, Inc. (regional CPA firm) Dates Employed 1996 – 2008 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Medina Rea & Associates, Inc., accountants and business consultants, is a regional firm with more than 180 dedicated professionals. While working at Rea, I was working with closely held companies to grow their business. Supervised and trained accounting staff on general accounting procedures, spreadsheet models, and technical best practices. Compiled and reviewed financial statements for various clients in the medical field, convenience stores, real estate, construction, retail, sales, insurance, and manufacturing. Prepared corporate, partnership, and individual tax returns. Developed projections of income and cash flow statements. Developed projections for partnership buy in. Consulted with clients on their entity selection. Education Mount Union College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Volleyball Volunteer Experience Treasurer Company Name Leadership Medina County Dates volunteered Jul 2004 – Jun 2008 Volunteer duration 4 yrs Board Commissioner Company Name Medina County Park District Cause Environment Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 36 endorsements for Accounting 36 Accounting Endorsed by Christine Stump-Davis, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kathy’s colleagues at Rea & Associates, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 19 endorsements for Tax Preparation 19 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Christine Stump-Davis, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kathy’s colleagues at Rea & Associates, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 14 endorsements for Financial Analysis 14 Financial Analysis Marion Wijnberg and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Barbara Cumming M.S. Ed. Executive Director at Bluecoats of Medina County August 24, 2011, Kathy was a client of Barbara’s Barbara coached me with various aspects of my life. She helped me both personally and professionally by assisting me in developing a plan on how to deal with difficult situations. The career coaching is invaluable by getting a different perception to the situation from an outsider. Barbara gave me the necessary tools to handle various situations thrown my way! I would recommend her career coaching to anyone who needs a little help and direction. Barbara is a great resource! Accomplishments Kathy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests University of Mount Union 12,082 followers CPA Tech Connect 6,589 members Jobs- For CPA, CA, CMA and other Global Finance professionals 10,144 members University of Mount Union 11,114 followers Leadership Medina County 752 members The Certified Public Accountants Group 10,510 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Gannon, CPA Former Chief Financial Officer at Karbon Arms, LLC Karbon Arms, LLC University of South Florida Lutz, Florida 164 164 connections Send InMail I have an extensive history in working as the head of finance for public and private companies. As the Financial Officer of a small cap, publicly held company, I worked to achieve the highest return on investment for our shareholders. Working to keep costs low and track many moving inventory parts, I designed and implemented an effective cost accounting system along with bar code scanning integration. My background is as an experienced and goal-oriented leader of the financial department and I am also proud of my contributions in many other areas of my companies. I have a demonstrated track record for leading individuals by example and forging good working relationships both internally and outside the organization. I have always been a competent leader, capable of facilitating and maintaining communication with employees and coworkers. Core competencies include: • SEC and Financial Reporting • Capital Raises • Asset Management • Foreign Exchange Functions • Financial Projections • Sales/Use and Payroll Tax • HR and Payroll Activities • Microsoft Office and Microsoft Exchange Server • QuickBooks Pro Advisor • Oracle Accounting Software • Lawson Accounting Software • Government Export Applications See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Karbon Arms, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Lead formation of company through process of acquiring assets from an Assignment for Benefit of Creditors. Worked with Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and new ownership to develop forecasts and operational procedures for the new entity to maximize upside potential and reduce risks in the business model. In addition to performing the tasks of CFO, took on additional responsibilities overseeing all Information Technology projects and Human Resource functions.• Communicated with Board Members and controlling interests while providing periodic financial reporting packages as well as snapshots of the company’s performance as requested• Manage accounting department in a manufacturing setting including reconciliation of all accounts on an accrual basis along with bank reconciliations, prepared company payroll and filed respective taxes in multiple states• Implemented new inventory system to track 500 parts and 200 different builds which resulted in a reduction of downtime as a result of improved purchasing and scheduling practices• Negotiated with creditors to improve working capital position of company• Performed variance analysis of forecasts in accordance with the company’s business plan• Carried out internal audits of operating procedures to ensure efficiency and accuracy. Identified weaknesses in the process and executed on solutions to correct issues• Led all facets of technology implementation involved in moving headquarters to new facility• Maintained relationships with international distributors on 4 continents, managing order flow and ensuring appropriate export licenses are kept up with the United States Department of Commerce Senior Staff Accountant Company Name General Electric Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area I was a key member of $368 million revenue per year company and was responsible for financial reporting up to General Electric on behalf of our own subsidiaries. Oversaw all general ledger activities and coordinated with departments related to every aspect of the accounting cycle.• Monthly preparation of the consolidated trial balance to be submitted to all GSI officers and preparation of an upload to our General Electric parent company• Produced financial statements for our Canada office generated solely from source documents• Part of a three person team that reconciled all accounts for three different sets of books on a monthly/quarterly basis• Created multicurrency transactions and verified/reconciled these and other multicurrency accounts Staff Accountant Company Name Outback Steakhouse Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of South Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 5th year completed Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Certified Public Accountant Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Heidi S and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 5 endorsements for Finance 5 Finance Heidi S and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 5 endorsements for General Ledger 5 General Ledger Heidi S and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members The Modern Finance Forum for the CFO, FD, Controller, finance and accounting function, (FSN) 55,667 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,730 members Florida CPA's 1,828 members See all See all following
More Actions Brad has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brad Jones, CPA Helping Dentists Increase Production and Cash Collections by $100k+ With This Simple 3 Step Program Jones & Associates PLLC University of Tennessee at Martin Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I've gained experience since 2006 in tax and financial planning & analysis working in the public and corporate accounting field on medical/dental practices. We are different than our competition. You are NEVER just a billable hour to us. We will build a personal relationship with you and gain an understanding of your goals. Then, we will exceed your expectations in all we do in order to help you achieve them. Even after you achieve your goals, we focus on continuous improvement to ensure we stay on top of emerging issues that matter to you. We understand the time pressures facing your business. That is why we strive to provide up-to-date, accurate and timely service solutions to your financial growth issues. We make and keep commitments. When is the last time you spoke with a professional that understands your industry? Do you have problems with: -keeping schedules full -keeping qualified hygienists -collecting outstanding accounts receivable If so, I can help! Check out my free Dentist Case Study at: http://go.jonescpaassociates.com/dentist-case-study/ I'd love to hear from you! Brad Jones, CPA | Partner Direct: 615-537-0314 Two locations to serve you: 54 Music Sq E, Suite 325 Nashville, TN 37203 150 North Water Avenue Gallatin, TN 37066 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Brad’s Activity 1,322 followers Open the doors! Meet the community, stay for the music. Brad liked Home Brad liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name Jones & Associates PLLC Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Nashville, Tennessee Partner Company Name Cody & Jones CPAs, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Nashville & Gallatin Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Community Health Systems Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Financial Analyst Company Name SpecialtyCare Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Nashville, tn Staff Accountant Company Name HCA Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Brentwood, TN See more positions Education University of Tennessee at Martin Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 46 endorsements for Accounting 46 Accounting Endorsed by Rebecca Moody Harris, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brad’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 45 endorsements for Financial Analysis 45 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Rebecca Moody Harris, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brad’s colleagues at SpecialtyCare Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 32 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 32 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Michelle Roberts, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brad’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Raleigh Harwell Commercial Insurance Broker at Insight Risk Management January 16, 2015, Brad was a client of Raleigh’s My firm was banking at a large national bank. That was until we met Raleigh at Renasant Bank. We have never experienced that kind of personal attention from a bank before. Raleigh helped set my firm up with a Line of Credit. He walked us through the entire process and it took very little time for the application approval process. After our experience with Raleigh and Renasant Bank, we gladly recommend them to our clients. Courtney Hunter Contracts Administration Supervisor November 25, 2014, Brad worked with Courtney in different groups Courtney is extremely knowledgeable and know the ins and outs of contract law. Courtney is easy to work with and she will make sure you understand each process of the contract process. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Brad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Account Brad has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication [DENTAL CASE STUDY] How Million Dollar Dental Practice Owners Increase Hygiene Production & Cash Collections by $110,000 With A Simple 3-Step Bonus Incentive Program. Interests Griffin Law Office d/b/a Griffin Law 20 followers Memphis Grizzlies 7,282 followers Thomson Reuters for U.S. Tax & Accounting Firms 2,437 followers SpecialtyCare 3,188 followers HCA 141,780 followers Asset Management Group, Inc. 4,691 followers See all See all following
More Actions Debbie has a account Debbie Warner PRESIDENT at DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA Friends University Kansas City, Missouri Area 131 131 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience PRESIDENT Company Name DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA PRESIDENT Company Name DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 4 mos Education Friends University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 MID AMERICAN NAZARENE UNIVERISTY Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study ACCOUNTING Grade 3.21 Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 11 endorsements for Small Business 11 Small Business Endorsed by Beverly Sparks, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis David Potter and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 7 endorsements for Bookkeeping 7 Bookkeeping Chad Stafford and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Friends University 16,234 followers Friends University 17,277 followers
More Actions Manuela has a account Manuela Markarian, CPA, MSA, MST Vice President at City National Bank City National Bank California State University-Northridge Greater Los Angeles Area 262 262 connections Send InMail As a credential CPA accountant, I advise clients on the full range of tax needs and concerns spanning specific tax laws and regulations for individuals, corporations, partnerships, and trusts. My service is highly customer-focused, meeting personally with my California-based clients. I likewise give exceptional support to my overseas clients in Europe and Asia. My role covers the full spectrum of the accounting process from intake interviews, ongoing client communication, research and review, through preparing of tax workpapers, tax returns, amended returns, and personal tax projections. My career encompasses over ten years of combined experience in general accounting and human resources management, contributing to the banking, mortgage, and insurance industries. Some core areas of my tax knowledge and skill set include: Individual Tax | Corporate Tax | Partnership Tax | Trust Tax | Gift Tax | International Tax | Employment Tax | Tax Planning | Tax Research | Quarterly Tax Projections | Financial Statements My educational credentials include passing CPA exams (on the first attempt), receiving Master of Science in Accountancy (with full-tuition Becker CPA Review scholarship), and completing a Master of Science in Taxation program at California State University, Northridge. Service to others is a core value of mine: I volunteered for two years for the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program, serving low-income taxpayers. My colleagues, friends, and family know me for my high level of commitment, never afraid of hard work to achieve my goals. Having less than $20 dollars to my name, I emigrated from Romania to begin my career in the U.S. Now, after earning my CPA credential, and building professional experience as a full-time tax accountant, I remain equally driven to continue to grow professionally and expand my skill set. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name City National Bank Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Responsible for tax withholding and information reporting, FATCA compliance. Auditor Company Name City National Bank Dates Employed May 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Accountant Company Name Milam, Knecht and Warner, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Glendale, CA Tax Accountant Company Name Hargrave & Hargrave, AAC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area At this full service accounting firm, I advise on and prepare federal and multi-state income tax returns. I have gained extensive accountancy expertise in tax laws for individuals, corporations, S-corps, partnerships, and trusts.An important priority for me is providing exceptional client service and communications. Therefore, I meet in person with local clients, and give highly personalized attention with clients overseas. We advise a large number of high-net-worth individuals with many assets to track. I possess extensive experience in preparing specific tax documents and forms connected with tax workpapers, tax returns, amended returns, and personal tax projections. I closely analyze financial statements to resolve any issues, prepare adjusting journal entries (AJE) and trial balance for tax preparation.I have taken on several leadership assignments including researching and selecting a vendor to provide electronic signature capability to our firm. Acknowledged for my hard work, I recently won the contest for having most billable hours during busiest two months of tax season.Our team of tax accountants collaborate to share resources. We meet frequently to expand our own knowledge and expertise on specific tax laws and requirements. Hargrave & Hargrave has been an excellent opportunity for me to grow in my profession. Graduate Student, Master of Science in Accountancy Company Name California State University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Los Angeles I am proud to have passed all my CPA exams on the first attempt, as well as holding a 3.95 GPA during my Master of Science in Accountancy degree. See more positions Education California State University-Northridge Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.81 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 California State University, Los Angeles Degree Name Master of Science in Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.95 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Certification Field Of Study Human Resources Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 See more education Volunteer Experience IRS Program Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Dates volunteered Apr 2011 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Social Services Volunteered for 2 consecutive years for VITA program, sponsored and hosted by Glendale Community College, to assist low-income taxpayers in tax preparation. Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 3 endorsements for CPA 3 CPA Endorsed by David Babikyan, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Tax Planning Business Tax Planning No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 4 endorsements for Corporate Tax 4 Corporate Tax Andrew Lichucki and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) David Babikyan, CPA Tax & Financial Solutions August 4, 2014, Manuela worked with David in the same group Manuela is fun to work with and a great team player. She's good at what she does and very motivated. A genuinely nice person. Michelle Maghalyan Executive Director at SERENITY CONGREGATE CARE October 6, 2013, Manuela and Michelle were students together I have worked with Michelle for a couple of accounting classes. Michelle is very motivated, she is determined to accomplish her goals, she doesn't hesitate when facing challenges. I have seen Michelle grow in very little time from a beginner student in accounting to a confident level where she is able to help her team and influence her peers. Accomplishments Manuela has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Enrolled Agent Resident Insurance Producer Manuela has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Invitation for Lifetime Membership Ernest & Young Scholarship Becker CPA Review Full Tuition Scholarship Manuela has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Romanian Interests California State University-Los Angeles 78,487 followers The Institute of Internal Auditors (Official Global Group) 151,751 members University of California, Los Angeles 512,871 followers Blaine and Associates, Inc. 133 followers Dave McKayDave McKay is a LinkedIn Influencer President & CEO at RBC 28,255 followers California State University, Northridge 169,580 followers See all See all following
More Actions Julia has a account Julia Savage Director at Julia Savage Tax Accountant Limited Savage Accountants Limited University of Manchester - Institute of Science and Technology London, United Kingdom 259 259 connections Send InMail Please visit our wesbite at www.savageaccountants.co.uk Highlights Experience Director Company Name Savage Accountants Limited Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Harlington Bedfordshire Media (2) This position has 2 media Savage Accountants_LOGO FINAL_JAN16 Savage Accountants_LOGO FINAL_JAN16 This media is an image Savage Accountants | Friendly Accountants Savage Accountants | Friendly Accountants This media is a link Director Company Name Julia Savage Tax Accountant Limited Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Harlington, Bedfordshire My own tax accountancy firm! I am putting to use the fantastic expertise I have gleamed over the past 10 years and am providing city advice at a reasonable price to people in Beds, Herts, Bucks and the surrounding areas. Media (1) This position has 1 media Director Director This media is an image Private Client Tax Consultant Company Name Rawlinson & Hunter Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Tax Senior Company Name Horwath Clark Whitehill LLP Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Tax Senior Company Name LB Group Dates Employed May 2004 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Education University of Manchester - Institute of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Biomedical Materials Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Resident of Ashburne Hall from 1998 - 2001. Treasurer of the Ashburne JCR 2000 - 2001 BHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Andy Buchanan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Julia’s colleagues at LB Group Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 7 endorsements for Tax Advisory 7 Tax Advisory Endorsed by Ses Memhi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax Bron Webster and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Julia has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Tax Advisor Julia has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization chartered institute of taxation Interests Rawlinson & Hunter 1,040 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members ATT - Association of Taxation Technicians 4,343 members The University of Manchester 237,440 followers LB Group 2,337 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zaina has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Zaina Sethi CPA, CGA Experienced Indirect Tax Professional seeking opportunities in San Francisco Bay Area PwC Canada CPA Ontario San Francisco, California 353 353 connections Send InMail - Highly motivated Tax professional with excellent analytical skills and result-driven attitude; experience in Financial Analysis, Commodity & Indirect Taxation, Personal Taxation and Corporate Taxation - Proficient with SAP ERP systems (ECC & B1), Hyperion, ACL, TaxWare, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite and Lotus Notes See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Associate, Indirect Tax Company Name PwC Canada Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Analyst, Sales and Use Tax Company Name Restaurant Brands International Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Oakville, ON Tax Analyst, Sales and Use Tax Company Name Tim Hortons Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Oakville, ON Tax Accountant Company Name RHI AG - RHI Canada Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Burlington, ON Accounts Payable Clerk Company Name RHI AG - RHI Canada Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Burlington, ON See more positions Education CPA Ontario Degree Name CPA, CGA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Institute of Professionals in Taxation Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 York University Degree Name Bachelor of Administrative Studies (Specialized Honours) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: APAA - Atkinson Professional Accounting Association, Red Cross at York University • GPA 7.00 (out of 9.00) on all 4th year level courses including accredited CGA Courses• ‘A’ and above grades in Business Case Analysis, Corporate & Personal Tax, Finance, Statistics and Cost Accounting • DECA Marketing Competition – Ranked top 10 among 250 participants, awarded for communication skills Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 27 endorsements for Accounting 27 Accounting Endorsed by Polina Pilatova, CPA, CA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by 7 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 12 endorsements for Accounts Payable 12 Accounts Payable Endorsed by Veronica Grigoras, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zaina has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Auditing Advanced Personal and Corporate Taxation CPA Canada GST/HST In-depth PA1 - Issues in Professional Practice PA2 - Strategic Financial Management Sales Tax School I Zaina has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Urdu Interests York University 196,823 followers Inscape 7,199 followers Celestica 54,252 followers Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members The Home Depot 283,919 followers Nestlé 2,187,590 followers See all See all following
More Actions CHRISTINE has a account CHRISTINE KOHN ** RETIRED Tax Accountant ** CHRISTINE W. KOHN, PLLC Alma College Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 334 334 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience ** SEMI-RETIRED Tax Accountant ** Company Name CHRISTINE W. KOHN, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 6 mos Location Greenville, MI Principal Company Name Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greenville, MI I am pleased to announce that my practice has merged with/been acquired by Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors, effective 1/01/2015. Am looking forward to working with their great professional staff and being able to offer a broader range of services to my clients. Please feel free to stop in and visit us at our new office at 114 North Lafayette Street, Greenville, MI 48838....we look forward to seeing you! Media (2) This position has 2 media Hungerford Nichols Merger Announcement Hungerford Nichols Merger Announcement This media is a document HUNGERFORD NICHOLS CPAs + ADVISORS Greenville Office Staff HUNGERFORD NICHOLS CPAs + ADVISORS Greenville Office Staff This media is an image Tax Accountant & Consulting Company Name CHRISTINE W. KOHN (Sole Proprietor) Dates Employed Jan 1978 – Dec 1997 Employment Duration 20 yrs Location Greenville, MI Tax Accountant & Consulting Trust Tax Officer Company Name MICHIGAN NATIONAL BANK Dates Employed Sep 1975 – May 1985 Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos Education Alma College Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study French, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Alma Choir, Resident Assistant, Alpha Theta, Homecoming Queen Volunteer Experience Mentor at Middle School & High School Company Name Greenville Public Schools Dates volunteered Jan 1997 – Present Volunteer duration 20 yrs 6 mos Cause Children Member Board of Directors Company Name Greenville Area Community Center Dates volunteered Jan 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 6 mos Cause Arts and Culture Past Member of the Board of Directors Company Name Greenville Area Community Foundation See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 27 endorsements for Income Tax 27 Income Tax Gerri Pasi and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 21 endorsements for Tax Preparation 21 Tax Preparation Dean Jensen and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of CHRISTINE’S colleagues at Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lee Beard Tax Accountant at Data Specialists, Inc. November 9, 2016, Lee worked with CHRISTINE in the same group Lee Beard has an excellent grasp of individual income tax law and is a pleasure to work with! His ability to work closely with clients and to provide them with exceptional personal service is superb. I would highly recommend Lee to anyone needing a tax accountant. Accomplishments Interests Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors 407 followers Alma College 9,464 followers Alma College 11,742 followers
More Actions Debbie has a account Debbie Warner PRESIDENT at DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA Friends University Kansas City, Missouri Area 131 131 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience PRESIDENT Company Name DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA PRESIDENT Company Name DEBORAH WARNER CPA PA Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 4 mos Education Friends University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 MID AMERICAN NAZARENE UNIVERISTY Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study ACCOUNTING Grade 3.21 Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 11 endorsements for Small Business 11 Small Business Endorsed by Beverly Sparks, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis David Potter and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 7 endorsements for Bookkeeping 7 Bookkeeping Chad Stafford and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Friends University 16,234 followers Friends University 17,277 followers
More Actions Manuela has a account Manuela Markarian, CPA, MSA, MST Vice President at City National Bank City National Bank California State University-Northridge Greater Los Angeles Area 262 262 connections Send InMail As a credential CPA accountant, I advise clients on the full range of tax needs and concerns spanning specific tax laws and regulations for individuals, corporations, partnerships, and trusts. My service is highly customer-focused, meeting personally with my California-based clients. I likewise give exceptional support to my overseas clients in Europe and Asia. My role covers the full spectrum of the accounting process from intake interviews, ongoing client communication, research and review, through preparing of tax workpapers, tax returns, amended returns, and personal tax projections. My career encompasses over ten years of combined experience in general accounting and human resources management, contributing to the banking, mortgage, and insurance industries. Some core areas of my tax knowledge and skill set include: Individual Tax | Corporate Tax | Partnership Tax | Trust Tax | Gift Tax | International Tax | Employment Tax | Tax Planning | Tax Research | Quarterly Tax Projections | Financial Statements My educational credentials include passing CPA exams (on the first attempt), receiving Master of Science in Accountancy (with full-tuition Becker CPA Review scholarship), and completing a Master of Science in Taxation program at California State University, Northridge. Service to others is a core value of mine: I volunteered for two years for the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program, serving low-income taxpayers. My colleagues, friends, and family know me for my high level of commitment, never afraid of hard work to achieve my goals. Having less than $20 dollars to my name, I emigrated from Romania to begin my career in the U.S. Now, after earning my CPA credential, and building professional experience as a full-time tax accountant, I remain equally driven to continue to grow professionally and expand my skill set. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name City National Bank Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Responsible for tax withholding and information reporting, FATCA compliance. Auditor Company Name City National Bank Dates Employed May 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Accountant Company Name Milam, Knecht and Warner, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Glendale, CA Tax Accountant Company Name Hargrave & Hargrave, AAC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area At this full service accounting firm, I advise on and prepare federal and multi-state income tax returns. I have gained extensive accountancy expertise in tax laws for individuals, corporations, S-corps, partnerships, and trusts.An important priority for me is providing exceptional client service and communications. Therefore, I meet in person with local clients, and give highly personalized attention with clients overseas. We advise a large number of high-net-worth individuals with many assets to track. I possess extensive experience in preparing specific tax documents and forms connected with tax workpapers, tax returns, amended returns, and personal tax projections. I closely analyze financial statements to resolve any issues, prepare adjusting journal entries (AJE) and trial balance for tax preparation.I have taken on several leadership assignments including researching and selecting a vendor to provide electronic signature capability to our firm. Acknowledged for my hard work, I recently won the contest for having most billable hours during busiest two months of tax season.Our team of tax accountants collaborate to share resources. We meet frequently to expand our own knowledge and expertise on specific tax laws and requirements. Hargrave & Hargrave has been an excellent opportunity for me to grow in my profession. Graduate Student, Master of Science in Accountancy Company Name California State University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Los Angeles I am proud to have passed all my CPA exams on the first attempt, as well as holding a 3.95 GPA during my Master of Science in Accountancy degree. See more positions Education California State University-Northridge Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.81 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 California State University, Los Angeles Degree Name Master of Science in Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.95 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Certification Field Of Study Human Resources Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 See more education Volunteer Experience IRS Program Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Dates volunteered Apr 2011 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Social Services Volunteered for 2 consecutive years for VITA program, sponsored and hosted by Glendale Community College, to assist low-income taxpayers in tax preparation. Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 3 endorsements for CPA 3 CPA Endorsed by David Babikyan, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Tax Planning Business Tax Planning No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 4 endorsements for Corporate Tax 4 Corporate Tax Andrew Lichucki and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) David Babikyan, CPA Tax & Financial Solutions August 4, 2014, Manuela worked with David in the same group Manuela is fun to work with and a great team player. She's good at what she does and very motivated. A genuinely nice person. Michelle Maghalyan Executive Director at SERENITY CONGREGATE CARE October 6, 2013, Manuela and Michelle were students together I have worked with Michelle for a couple of accounting classes. Michelle is very motivated, she is determined to accomplish her goals, she doesn't hesitate when facing challenges. I have seen Michelle grow in very little time from a beginner student in accounting to a confident level where she is able to help her team and influence her peers. Accomplishments Manuela has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Enrolled Agent Resident Insurance Producer Manuela has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Invitation for Lifetime Membership Ernest & Young Scholarship Becker CPA Review Full Tuition Scholarship Manuela has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Romanian Interests True Partners Consulting 2,105 followers gish SEIDEN LLP 148 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,078 followers CohnReznick LLP 17,417 followers CPA Trendlines 51,717 members Blaine and Associates, Inc. 133 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zaina has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Zaina Sethi CPA, CGA Experienced Indirect Tax Professional seeking opportunities in San Francisco Bay Area PwC Canada CPA Ontario San Francisco, California 353 353 connections Send InMail - Highly motivated Tax professional with excellent analytical skills and result-driven attitude; experience in Financial Analysis, Commodity & Indirect Taxation, Personal Taxation and Corporate Taxation - Proficient with SAP ERP systems (ECC & B1), Hyperion, ACL, TaxWare, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite and Lotus Notes See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Associate, Indirect Tax Company Name PwC Canada Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Analyst, Sales and Use Tax Company Name Restaurant Brands International Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Oakville, ON Tax Analyst, Sales and Use Tax Company Name Tim Hortons Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Oakville, ON Tax Accountant Company Name RHI AG - RHI Canada Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Burlington, ON Accounts Payable Clerk Company Name RHI AG - RHI Canada Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Burlington, ON See more positions Education CPA Ontario Degree Name CPA, CGA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Institute of Professionals in Taxation Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 York University Degree Name Bachelor of Administrative Studies (Specialized Honours) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: APAA - Atkinson Professional Accounting Association, Red Cross at York University • GPA 7.00 (out of 9.00) on all 4th year level courses including accredited CGA Courses• ‘A’ and above grades in Business Case Analysis, Corporate & Personal Tax, Finance, Statistics and Cost Accounting • DECA Marketing Competition – Ranked top 10 among 250 participants, awarded for communication skills Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 27 endorsements for Accounting 27 Accounting Endorsed by Polina Pilatova, CPA, CA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by 7 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 12 endorsements for Accounts Payable 12 Accounts Payable Endorsed by Veronica Grigoras, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zaina’s colleagues at Tim Hortons Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zaina has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Auditing Advanced Personal and Corporate Taxation CPA Canada GST/HST In-depth PA1 - Issues in Professional Practice PA2 - Strategic Financial Management Sales Tax School I Zaina has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Urdu Interests The Coca-Cola Company 1,293,042 followers Walmart 886,678 followers Institute for Professionals in Taxation 2,130 followers Public Company Accounting Oversight (PCAOB) 15,859 followers Lannick 12,372 followers Accounting & Audit 155,095 members See all See all following
More Actions Timothy has a account Timothy O'Connor Franchise Owner Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Tax Solutions, Inc. dba Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Rasmussen College-Minnesota Saint Cloud, Minnesota 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am entering my seventh year of preparing taxes professionally. In 2010, I was given the opportunity to purchase an ownership share in Tax Solutions Inc. This past fall, I purchased the remainder of the company from my partner and now serve as President, CEO, and frequent janitor. I was employed as an Internal Accountant for a number of years at Laraway Financial Advisors, Inc. here in St. Cloud. While there I became interested in the intricacies of different types of investments and the related tax treatment of those investments. As I enter the first tax season as sole owner of my company, I have set a goal of increasing the experience level and knowledge of the tax preparers in each of my offices so as to better serve our clients in the increasingly complicated tax environment we have today. I have a personal goal of becoming an Enrolled Agent (EA) with the IRS, although this will probably get pushed back somewhat now that I am serving as sole owner of the company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name Tax Solutions, Inc. dba Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location St. Cloud, Minnesota Area I do everything now that I had been doing for the past 5 years, only for less pay and longer hours! General Manager Company Name Tax Solutions, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location St. Cloud, Minnesota Area Oversaw all operations of the company during this time period including hiring, training, opening up and staffing new offices, ensuring compliance with rules and regulations concerning professional tax preparation. During the off-season, I split my time between Tax Solutions and Laraway Financial Advisors, where I served as an internal accountant and chief compliance officer. Internal Accountant, Chief Compliance Officer Company Name Laraway Financial Advisors, Inc. Dates Employed 2006 – 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location St. Cloud, Minnesota Area Maintained corporate books, took care of other accounting and financial functions, and performed various other functions. I also served for a number of years as Chief Compliance Officer, ensuring that the company maintained compliance with SEC rules and regulations governing registered investment advisors. Education Rasmussen College-Minnesota Degree Name Associate of Arts and Sciences (A.A.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Darin Peterson and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 1 endorsement for Income Tax 1 Income Tax Amity Dimock, EA, ABA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 1 endorsement for Tax Advisory 1 Tax Advisory Amity Dimock, EA, ABA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Timothy has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Assocation of Tax Professionals Interests Rasmussen College 23,874 followers Rasmussen College 20,887 followers National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members
More Actions Brad has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brad Jones, CPA Helping Dentists Increase Production and Cash Collections by $100k+ With This Simple 3 Step Program Jones & Associates PLLC University of Tennessee at Martin Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I've gained experience since 2006 in tax and financial planning & analysis working in the public and corporate accounting field on medical/dental practices. We are different than our competition. You are NEVER just a billable hour to us. We will build a personal relationship with you and gain an understanding of your goals. Then, we will exceed your expectations in all we do in order to help you achieve them. Even after you achieve your goals, we focus on continuous improvement to ensure we stay on top of emerging issues that matter to you. We understand the time pressures facing your business. That is why we strive to provide up-to-date, accurate and timely service solutions to your financial growth issues. We make and keep commitments. When is the last time you spoke with a professional that understands your industry? Do you have problems with: -keeping schedules full -keeping qualified hygienists -collecting outstanding accounts receivable If so, I can help! Check out my free Dentist Case Study at: http://go.jonescpaassociates.com/dentist-case-study/ I'd love to hear from you! Brad Jones, CPA | Partner Direct: 615-537-0314 Two locations to serve you: 54 Music Sq E, Suite 325 Nashville, TN 37203 150 North Water Avenue Gallatin, TN 37066 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Brad’s Activity 1,322 followers Open the doors! Meet the community, stay for the music. Brad liked Home Brad liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name Jones & Associates PLLC Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Nashville, Tennessee Partner Company Name Cody & Jones CPAs, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Nashville & Gallatin Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Community Health Systems Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Financial Analyst Company Name SpecialtyCare Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Nashville, tn Staff Accountant Company Name HCA Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Brentwood, TN See more positions Education University of Tennessee at Martin Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 46 endorsements for Accounting 46 Accounting Endorsed by Rebecca Moody Harris, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brad’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 45 endorsements for Financial Analysis 45 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Rebecca Moody Harris, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brad’s colleagues at SpecialtyCare Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 32 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 32 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by Michelle Roberts, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brad’s colleagues at Community Health Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Raleigh Harwell Commercial Insurance Broker at Insight Risk Management January 16, 2015, Brad was a client of Raleigh’s My firm was banking at a large national bank. That was until we met Raleigh at Renasant Bank. We have never experienced that kind of personal attention from a bank before. Raleigh helped set my firm up with a Line of Credit. He walked us through the entire process and it took very little time for the application approval process. After our experience with Raleigh and Renasant Bank, we gladly recommend them to our clients. Courtney Hunter Contracts Administration Supervisor November 25, 2014, Brad worked with Courtney in different groups Courtney is extremely knowledgeable and know the ins and outs of contract law. Courtney is easy to work with and she will make sure you understand each process of the contract process. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Brad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Account Brad has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication [DENTAL CASE STUDY] How Million Dollar Dental Practice Owners Increase Hygiene Production & Cash Collections by $110,000 With A Simple 3-Step Bonus Incentive Program. Interests Project Accountants 25,915 members Tax Opportunities 61,474 members University of Tennessee at Martin 19,364 followers Quill 3,707 followers University of Tennessee at Martin 20,475 followers Thomson Reuters for U.S. Tax & Accounting Firms 2,437 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Hall TaxDirector Evoqua Water Technologies Robert Morris University Greater Pittsburgh Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior Tax Executive with expertise in Federal, international, and state and local taxation. Broad based experience in tax controversy, accounting, and compliance. Experience working with mergers and acquisitions and multinational corporations. An energetic team player possessing strong leadership and communication skills with the proven ability to operate in a fast-paced environment, across multiple disciplines, business units, and geographies. Leverages prior experience to manage an organization’s global tax function and understands the global principles and opportunities to minimize tax obligations delivering value and tax savings for the company, shareholders, and customers. Specialties: Corporate Income Tax, International Tax, ASC 740 "Accounting for Income Tax" See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jim’s Activity 814 followers Ready to Discover the Secrets to Happiness at Work? Jim liked See all activity Experience Tax Director Company Name Evoqua Water Technologies Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Warrendale, PA Evoqua Water Technologies is the global leader in helping municipalities and industrial customers protect and improve the world's water.Responsible for global income tax matters, including tax planning, compliance, audits, accounting for income taxes, corporate restructuring projects, and tax-related merger and acquisition activities. - Monitor third party tax consultants and advisors. - Implement and maintain Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Controls and procedures- Support M&A activities including tax due diligence on acquisitions, and divestitures, structuring of purchase and sale transactions and tax-related integration/separation activities. - Manage, federal, state and local tax audits. - Monitor company's transfer pricing policies and documentation. - Ensure company compliance with ASC 740 "Accounting for Income Taxes", FAS109, FIN48 and APB23. - Oversee Special Projects including E&P Studies, Nexus and Permanent Establishment studies, etc. Director of Taxation Company Name GENCO, A FedEx Company Dates Employed May 2012 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area A Global Top 25 third-party logistics provider, the recognized forefather of reverse logistics and the leader in Product Lifecycle Logistics solutions with $1.5+ billion in annual revenue and over 10,000 employees in North America and Mexico.Manage all aspects of tax planning and compliance for this leading provider of logistics services. Review and revise existing policies and implement new tax policy and procedures designed to improve department processes and maximize department efficiency. Perform tax research and advise Senior Management on the tax aspects of mergers and acquisitions, executive compensation, and global mobility. • Implemented procedures and tools to assist in the documentation of the tax provision and related footnote disclosures to ensure full compliance and minimize risks related to tax reporting.• Obtained over $1 million in sales and use tax refunds related to overpayments. Prepared and conducted training of facility personnel on how to properly claim exemptions to minimize future risk of overpayment.• Obtained over $5 million in state income tax refunds related to apportionment planning and accounting methods related to state income tax.• Obtained over $1 million in federal income tax refunds related to foreign tax credits and the research and development tax credit. • Managed negotiations that have resulted in the company securing over $5 million in state and local tax credits and incentives in multiple jurisdictions. Corporate Tax Manager Company Name Pittsburgh Glass Works, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Manufacturer and distributor of glass products to the Automotive OEM and Automotive Replacement Glass (ARG) markets. Operations in North America, Mexico, and Europe. $1+ billion in annual revenue, 3,200 employees.Top tax official within the company to research and manage all international, federal, state and tax obligations for the consolidated companies. Serve as company representative for all tax inquiries, audits and appeals, for all tax types. Hire, train and supervise tax department staff. Establish and maintain internal controls, operating procedures, plus department operating and capital budgets. Handled tax software selection and implementation. Obtained $400K+ in state job training grants to support employee training programs.Organized and staffed tax department of a new company.Performed tax research, planning, and modeling for a major European expansion, including entity and site selection. New manufacturing plant was erected in Poland, and a German sales office was established.Negotiated real property tax savings of $620K+. Obtained $180K in sales and use tax refunds related to overpayments Manager, Corporate Tax Company Name L B Foster Company Dates Employed May 2002 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Manufacturer, fabrication and distribution of products and services for domestic rail, construction, energy and utility markets. Revenue $500 million; 630 employees. NASDAQTop tax official to supervise entire tax reporting, tax planning, and tax compliance functions for operations and offices in multiple states. Served as company representative for all tax audits and appeals. Saved $150K annually by bringing tax provision and tax return preparation back in-house.Developed and documented all tax internal control procedures for Sarbanes Oxley.Completed two Federal income tax audits and numerous state income tax audits with no deficiencies.Achieved State income tax savings of $1M+ through astute tax planning for a regional railroad investment.Documented and implemented the provisions of FIN 48. Tax Supervisor Company Name IT Corporation Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Prepared State and Federal income tax returns, and served as liaison with revenue employees during audits and appeals. Supervised two staff in multi-state sales and use tax functions for all companies in the consolidated group. Assisted Tax Manager and Assistant Tax Director in administering international tax liabilities, including research and preparation of Forms 5471 and 1042. Developed annual R&D credit. Implemented Quantum sales and use tax software that reduced compliance time by half. Developed a tax reporting program to ensure compliance with State unclaimed property tax laws. Completed a major Voluntary Disclosure Project to ensure compliance with state tax laws for a recent acquisition.Saved $200K+ by researching and presenting sales and use tax appeals for reductions of tax assessments.Prepared a department training manual, and trained three new employees See more positions Education Robert Morris University Degree Name MST Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Clarion University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Army ROTC, Pershing Rifles Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 70 endorsements for Tax 70 Tax Endorsed by Louis Utsch and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Jim’s colleagues at GENCO, A FedEx Company Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 56 endorsements for Corporate Tax 56 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jim’s colleagues at Evoqua Water Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 45 endorsements for Accounting 45 Accounting Endorsed by Cy R. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Jim’s colleagues at GENCO, A FedEx Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Arnie McAuley Logistics Manager at L.B. Foster Company January 15, 2009, Jim worked with Arnie in different groups I am pleased to recomend Arnie, he is dedicated to solving issues with cost effective solutions. As a Manager, Arnie truly cares about his employees and helps them to exceed their objectives. Accomplishments Jim has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Certified Public Accountant Six Sigma Green Belt Certified Jim has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Tax Executives Institute Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Interests Control Your Career 799 members Robert Morris University 37,289 followers Accounting Humor 999 members MSA - The Safety Company 25,226 followers Pennsylvania Tax Professionals 1,110 members Robert Morris University 38,683 followers See all See all following
More Actions Morgan has a account Morgan Thomas, CPA Tax Manager Washington Corporations The University of Montana - School of Business Administration Missoula, Montana 251 251 connections Send InMail As the tax manager at Washington Corporations I am responsible for the domestic and international tax compliance across the organization. I previously enjoyed 10 years in public accounting where I gained a wealth of experience in business and individual taxation. In 2015 I transitioned to work in industry at Washington Corporations and am enjoying expanding my base of tax knowledge to include the new perspective. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Washington Corporations Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Missoula, Montana Cpa Company Name Rudd and Company, PLLC Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Helena, MT Media (1) This position has 1 media Rudd & Company Rudd & Company This media is a link Manager Company Name Tompkins & Peters CPAs, P.C. Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos CPA in the Helena, MT office of Tompkins & Peters CPAs. I specialize in tax preparation and planning, business consulting and Quickbooks assistance. Senior Tax Associate Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos *Focused primarily in the federal tax consulting and compliance areas for partnerships and corporate clients.*Reviewed work papers and income tax returns prepared by associates, interns, and clients.*Assisted in reviewing the income tax provisions prepared by clients.*Prepared income tax provisions for public and private companies.*Reviewed federal and state returns for large corporations, partnerships, and individuals.*Filed state and local income and franchise tax returns on separate and unitary/combined basis. *Researched and drafted memorandums for various income tax issues. *Drafted tax technical memorandum documenting findings and procedures performed and analysis of complex transactions. Education The University of Montana - School of Business Administration Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 The University of Montana - School of Business Administration Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 16 endorsements for Tax 16 Tax Louise Ewen and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 15 endorsements for Income Tax 15 Income Tax Kendall Stewart and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 8 endorsements for CPA 8 CPA Samantha Erpenbach and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Morgan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests KPMG US 455,534 followers Washington Corporations 125 followers AICPA 60,328 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Rudd and Company, PLLC 158 followers Andersen Tax 7,016 followers See all See all following
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Reed Senior Accountant Wikoff Color Corporation Murray State University Mooresville, North Carolina 255 255 connections Send InMail Prepare financial statements, annual reports Highlights Experience Senior Inventory Accountant Company Name Wikoff Color Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Fort Mill, SC Senior Accountant Company Name Lowe's Home Improvement Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Mooresville NC responsible for the administration, tracking, accrual, adjustment and collection of vendor funds related to various allowance programs offered to Lowe’s. Managed the most promotional area (Tools dept.). Payroll Accountant Company Name Pantry Inc Dates Employed May 2007 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sanford, NC Prepares and remits federal, multiple state and local payroll tax deposits. Accounting Manager Company Name Zapi Inc Dates Employed Dec 2006 – May 2007 Employment Duration 6 mos Responsible for monitoring customer accounts (past due accounts and misc. payments)Participated in different aspects of monthly closing Assistant Controller Company Name Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location Alabama, Brrewton Assist in preparation of forecasts and other financial dataInventory ReconciliationSupervised 5 team membersDecreased overall days outstanding from 38.64 to 32.9 See more positions Education Murray State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Murray State University Degree Name B.S. Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 7 endorsements for Auditing 7 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by Tabatha Bowman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 6 endorsements for Payroll 6 Payroll Endorsed by 3 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests HR Leadership Summit Discussion Group 29 members Finance and Accounting: Jobs, Job Postings & Job Recruiters 89,342 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Banking (2057031) 25,814 members Developers, Engineers & Techies (Java .NET C# HTML5 Android iOs Windows PHP SQL Python Ruby) 155,959 members Murray State University 37,874 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Harris, CPA Partner at McLain, Hill, Rugg & Associates, Inc. McLain, Hill, Rugg & Associates, Inc. Charleston Southern University Columbus, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Provide accounting & tax services to businesses & individuals including an ongoing analysis of individual unique challenges & goals. Develop reports necessary for monitoring business performance, cash flow and tax compliance. Train owners and their staff on effective use of QuickBooks or Peachtree software. Develop strategies for tax mitigation and retirement savings. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Articles & Activity 596 followers It's Always Tax Season Michael Harris, CPA on LinkedIn See 1 more article #tax planning Michael shared this See all activity Experience CPA Company Name McLain, Hill, Rugg & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Service to clients primarily in business accounting systems, income tax compliance and tax saving strategies. Client development for the firm's Newark office. CPA Company Name Nipps, Brown, Leppert & Collins, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Consultant Company Name CPA Advisory Group, Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Charleston Southern University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Alpha Chi National Honor Society College Marshall Magna Cum Laude Newark High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 60 endorsements for Tax 60 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at McLain, Hill, Rugg & Associates, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 50 endorsements for QuickBooks 50 QuickBooks Endorsed by Donna J Andriot CPA,MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 41 endorsements for Accounting 41 Accounting Endorsed by Owen Yoder, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Mindy Kshywonis Sales and Training Coordinator January 5, 2012, Mindy was a client of Michael’s In 2009, Michael reviewed my previous years' tax returns which were complicated with real estate transactions and found many errors which he corrected and refiled promptly. Since then, he has been extremely available for questions, prompts me to take advantage of changes in the tax law, and has a very simply data collection system that forces me not to miss deductions, to present those numbers to him in a clear manner, and he doesn't force me to file extensions. Precision and time management are Michael's best attributes. Plus, he's fun to work with and may even take me for a plane ride some day!! Kimberly Manno Assistant Director of Development at Central Ohio Technical College/The Ohio State University at Newark April 27, 2011, Kimberly was a client of Michael’s Michael's admirable qualities go far beyond his deep and detailed knowledge of the tax system. He is an honest and reliable individual who is detail-oriented and hard-working. He made the tax process very easy and I would highly recommend him to others. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Mindy Kshywonis Sales and Training Coordinator January 5, 2012, Mindy was a client of Michael’s Mindy is highly energetic and knowledgeable with regard to the Shaklee line of products as well as her contributions to the community through her volunteerism. She is thoughtfully thorough and a pleasure to work with. Dawn Eichenlaub Fitness Professional / Transcriptionist August 22, 2011, Michael was a client of Dawn’s Dawn provides a detailed and intense workout that varies with each session. Body Core is the place to go to get great workout in a friendly place. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Michael has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Robbins Hunter Museum Interests The QuickSource for Accounting Technology Professionals 2,478 members The Ohio Society of CPAs 9,475 members Licking County Chamber of Commerce 620 members Jim KimJim Kim is a LinkedIn Influencer President at The World Bank 1,480,139 followers Charleston Southern University 10,752 followers Accounting Technology 1,971 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Garcia Tax Director - at Billabong Green Box Energy University of Maryland College Park Orange County, California Area 358 358 connections InMail A high degree of expertise in international, federal, and state taxation. Highly successful and verifiable track record of being proactive in reducing corporate income tax. Ability to grasp new ideas and integrate them into desired results. Analyzed tax department efficiency, reduced expenditures, and improved operations resulting in increased productivity and profit. Specialties: Corporate Federal and State Income Tax Transfer Pricing Competent Authority Canadian Corporate Income Tax Tax Audits and Appeals Tax Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Part-time CFO - Consultant Company Name Green Box Energy Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location 300 Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 400, Irvine, CA 92618 • Partner with the CEO on development and execution of an overall finance and accounting strategy.• Evaluate finance and accounting structure and team for continual improvement, efficiency and effectiveness.• Develop tools and perfect systems for all aspects of company financial reporting including monthly and quarterly reporting to owner, investors and financial institutions.• Develop, manage and lead the implementation process of timely and accurate financial reporting and reconciliations. • Interface with lending institutions on loan and lines of credit negotiations.• Develop and implement, in partnership with the CEO, the tax/financial/lending strategies, corporate forecasting/budgets and reliable cash flow projection process and reporting mechanism that includes minimum cash threshold to meet operating needs.• Enhance and/or develop, implement and enforce policies and procedures by developing internal controls and monitoring systems that will improve the overall operation and effectiveness of the company.• Proactively advise owners on creative, efficient and advantageous tax strategies. Media (1) This position has 1 media Hot water monitoring and control systems Hot water monitoring and control systems This media is a link Tax Director Company Name Billabong Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location United States Owner Company Name Lorman Education Services Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Instructor Tax Company Name CPE, Inc. Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Accounting for Income Taxes: Level I & IIInternational Taxation: An IntroductionMultistate Corporate TaxationNEXUS: Avoiding the Long Arms of the StatesSchedule M-3 Adjustments: Tax vs. Book IncomeFIN 48: A Practical Approach Tax Director Company Name Targus Group International, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Oversee Filing of Federal Consolidated Corporate Income Tax Return, State Tax Returns, Canadian Tax Returns, Transfer Pricing Studies and related filings.Represent Company on all Federal, Foreign, and State Tax AuditsManage Tax Staff and Consultants Prepare FAS109 - Accounting for Income Taxes See more positions Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 University of Phoenix Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study MBA - Global Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Patrick Fitzgerald and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 24 endorsements for Corporate Tax 24 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Patrick Fitzgerald and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 16 endorsements for International Tax 16 International Tax Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (5) Mike Haftl Director at AlixPartners September 28, 2015, Mike managed John directly John is a very strong tax leader with whom I had the pleasure to work while advising Billabong. John brought a tremendous amount of knowledge across the tax spectrum, but more importantly, was able to discuss it with non-tax specialists in a manner that was easy to understand and business focused. John has the ability to think strategically from a tax planning perspective, but is also detailed oriented in his management of the various tax filings and related tasks. He was a strong mentor to his team, pro-active, and excelled at prioritizing and communicating key issues throughout the organization. I would love to work with John again in the future. Janet Geida Director of Continuing Professional Education - currently seeking new opportunities September 3, 2015, John worked with Janet in the same group John has been a CPE instructor for over 8 years and he has consistently received high marks for his ability to present complex financial topics in a clear and concise manner. He is also noted for being an enthusiastic and entertaining speaker. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Leslie Stumpf, CPA, MST Principal, Leslie Stumpf & Assoc, A P C May 8, 2014, John was a client of Leslie’s I worked with Leslie while she was a tax consultant for Billabong. She is very personable and has a lot of tax experience. She is great at attacking complicated matters head on and developing and implementing logical, well reasoned solutions. I would definitely recommend her as a tax specialist. Brian Kim ☁ ☁-Helping professional service organizations run more profitable and better utilized March 14, 2014, John worked with Brian but at different companies Brian is a great service provider with Bloomberg BNA. I must admit, I was a bit skeptical when he offered "another" tax software program. But, once he showed me all the attributes of BNA Corporate Tax Analyzer I was convinced. This software is great for managing IRS audits and tax planning. Brian is great at conducting insightful presentations. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments John has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Withholding Tax Documenter Presenting at the International Accounting Conference in San Jose CA Presenting at the International Operations Accounting Conference in San Jose, CA John has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications How to Properly Capitalize Subsidiaries without Being Ensnared in the Earnings Stripping Rules Global Withholding Tax Green Corporate Tax Incentives - Wind Technologies John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA John has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish John has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Arizona Society of CPAs, AICPA, TEI Interests Billabong 41,852 followers Finance Network - marcus evans Summits 1,158 members University of Maryland College Park 292,963 followers AICPA Academics 569 members Full Circle Resources, Inc. 1,916 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions John A. has a account John A. Blair, CPA Owner, Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC University of Houston-Clear Lake Houston, Texas Area 61 61 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC State Income Franchise Tax Accountant Company Name KBR, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Education University of Houston-Clear Lake Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers
More Actions Jaison has a account Jaison Panacherry Senior Tax Accountant at Party City Holdings Inc. Party City Holdings, Inc. Baruch College United States 314 314 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Party City Holdings, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Elmsford Tax Senior Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New York, NY Local Media Assistant Company Name Active International Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Pearl River, NY Assistant Financial Analyst Company Name Columbia University Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palisades, NY Insurance Tax Associate Company Name MBIA Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos See more positions Education Baruch College Degree Name B.B.A Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Accounting Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by 6 of Jaison’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jaison’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 13 endorsements for Finance 13 Finance Rex Varughese and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,997 members Citrin Cooperman 4,522 followers Amscan 3,116 followers Baruch College 114,188 followers Baruch College 118,642 followers Forbes 4,680,176 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Chan Staff Accountant at Lionsgate Lionsgate UCLA Extension Los Angeles, California 204 204 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name Lionsgate Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Responsible for the general accounting function including preparing journal entries, assisting with monthly and quarterly closings, and preparing account reconciliations. Performs and maintains all functions in A/R billing, cash collections and cash application. Assist in preparing and reviewing A/R aging and production of customer statements to ensure timely payment reporting. Financial Manager Company Name UCLA Anderson Executive Education Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Administered all department financial transactions, including processing and tracking Accounts Payable, payments to vendors and faculty, and managing the Purchase Order process. Also worked collaboratively with the Associate Director of Finance and Operations to organize, implement, and supervise fiscal operations under sales and service fund, including budget submission, preparation of fiscal closing, and development of financial reports and controls. Media (2) This position has 2 media EDGE Program: Your Start on the Path to Career Success EDGE Program: Your Start on the Path to Career Success This media is a video UCLA Anderson Executive Education Programs UCLA Anderson Executive Education Programs This media is a document Financial Assistant Company Name UCLA Extension Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Provided financial and administrative support for the department, including coordinating departmental purchasing process, processing journal entries and account transfers, monthly ledger reconciliation, department equipment and supply management, assistance with fiscal closing, preparing budget revision requests, and periodically training staff on financial systems and procedures. Media (1) This position has 1 media Technical Management Program - UCLA Extension Technical Management Program - UCLA Extension This media is a video Account Receivable Assistant Company Name UCLA Transportation & Parking Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Reconciled and audited daily parking revenue transactions and cash receipts totaling approximately $20,000 per day. Prepared and processed a high volume of interdepartmental monthly billing recharges. Trained and directed new employees to work in an organized, precise, and consistent reconciliation process which substantially improved the efficiency and data accuracy. Media (1) This position has 1 media UCLA Be a Smarter Commuter UCLA Be a Smarter Commuter This media is a video Customer Service Clerk Company Name De Anza College’s Bookstore Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cupertino, CA Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 20 Continuing Education Units. University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Economics, Accounting minor Grade 3.88 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Hong Kong Student Society (Internal Secretary), Project Working for Immigrant Literacy Development (Tutor), VITA (Certified Volunteer Tax Preparer) Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Special Olympics World Games Los Angeles 2015 Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Volunteer at the Anime Expo 2015 Company Name Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Task Captain at the UCLA Volunteer Day 2015 Company Name UCLA Volunteer Center Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Sep 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 13 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at UCLA Anderson Executive Education Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at UCLA Extension Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 7 endorsements for Access 7 Access Elliot Choi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alvin has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Accounting Theory & Practice Business Law Corporate Finance Corporate and Partnership Taxation Ethics in Accounting Financial & Internal Auditing Intermediate Financial Accounting Management Accounting Managerial Finance Tax Principles and Policy Alvin has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese English Japanese Mandarin Chinese Alvin has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards UCLA Staff Appreciation & Recognition Award UCLA Exceptional Service Award Interests Apple 3,468,407 followers UCLA Anderson Executive Education 1,178 followers UCLA Anderson School of Management 42,630 followers Fox (Film, TV and Sports) 269,847 followers University of California Office of the President 12,199 followers Facebook 1,567,755 followers See all See all following
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Reed Senior Accountant Wikoff Color Corporation Murray State University Mooresville, North Carolina 255 255 connections Send InMail Prepare financial statements, annual reports Highlights Experience Senior Inventory Accountant Company Name Wikoff Color Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Fort Mill, SC Senior Accountant Company Name Lowe's Home Improvement Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Mooresville NC responsible for the administration, tracking, accrual, adjustment and collection of vendor funds related to various allowance programs offered to Lowe’s. Managed the most promotional area (Tools dept.). Payroll Accountant Company Name Pantry Inc Dates Employed May 2007 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sanford, NC Prepares and remits federal, multiple state and local payroll tax deposits. Accounting Manager Company Name Zapi Inc Dates Employed Dec 2006 – May 2007 Employment Duration 6 mos Responsible for monitoring customer accounts (past due accounts and misc. payments)Participated in different aspects of monthly closing Assistant Controller Company Name Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location Alabama, Brrewton Assist in preparation of forecasts and other financial dataInventory ReconciliationSupervised 5 team membersDecreased overall days outstanding from 38.64 to 32.9 See more positions Education Murray State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Murray State University Degree Name B.S. Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 7 endorsements for Auditing 7 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by Tabatha Bowman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 6 endorsements for Payroll 6 Payroll Endorsed by 3 of Doug’s colleagues at Lowe's Companies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Finance and Accounting: Jobs, Job Postings & Job Recruiters 89,342 members Wikoff Color Corporation 1,675 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Developers, Engineers & Techies (Java .NET C# HTML5 Android iOs Windows PHP SQL Python Ruby) 155,959 members Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members Murray State University 37,874 followers See all See all following
More Actions RAFAEL has a account RAFAEL MOREL CPA MBA President at RAFAEL MOREL CPA PA RAFAEL MOREL CPA PA University of Puerto Rico-Rio Piedras Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 494 494 connections Send InMail Over 28 years of continue CPA Tax Accountant Services and CPA-Accounting experience serving small, medium size business and individual with passion, timely and effectively at the right price in Florida, USA in the following areas: 1. Income Tax Reduction Planning, IRS-Debt Reduction Help, Income Tax Preparation and Income Tax Problems Resolution to preserve and enhance clients/members wealth, riches and treasures with passion. Delivering quality income tax planning, IRS-Debt Reduction Help, income tax preparation and serving as clients/members advocate in solving income tax problems before the IRS. 2. Historical financial statements audit, review and compilation; examination and review in contract compliance, procedures and internal control. 3. Audit, review and compilation of specific elements of financial statements such as gross sales, profit sharing participation, rentals, royalties, provision for income tax, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and inventory. 4. Bookkeeping and payroll tax services, payroll processing and tax forms preparation. 5. Consulting services: investment returns evaluation, operational improvements, strategic planning, business loan application and negotiation, and business valuation. Cash, receivable, payable and inventory analysis. Compilation of prospective financial statements for Florida Health Care Licensing Application (FAHCA). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow RAFAEL’S Activity 494 followers Es Rep Dom ?: "Sociedades extractivas: Redes de corruption, élites y cerradas" www.cpataxmoney.com. http://fw.to/a3BWmTY RAFAEL shared this See all activity Experience President Company Name RAFAEL MOREL CPA PA Dates Employed 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs VICE PRESIDENT Company Name BUSINESS TOURISIM & DEVELOPMENT FEDERATION Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year CPA MBA Company Name TRANSTAR TRUCKING INC Dates Employed 1992 – 2010 Employment Duration 18 yrs PRESIDENT Company Name RAFAEL MOREL CPA PA Dates Employed 1990 – 2010 Employment Duration 20 yrs Rafael Morel CPA MBA President of CPA’s firm (Cloud computer network environment)Independent accountants in accounting, federal and state (FL) Taxation, consulting and training (coaching) for approximately 200 medium and small corporate clients (3 to 50 employees per client). Also, design, implementation and training (coaching) of accounting internal control and administrative systems. Preparation of projected financial statements and yearly budgets and assisting in creation and reviewing business direction and how areas of functionality support business strategy. Design of investment plans for assets creation and protection. Preparation of plans for loan application for local banks (Florida) and Small Business Administration. Successfully assisting foreign investors establishing in Florida in setting up, maintaining and dissolving business operations since 1990.Also, Financial Investment Representative, provide clients with customized solutions to their specific financial planning and assets creation and protection needs through comprehensive financial, estate planning and investment advisory counseling. Offering the opportunity to select from a wide range of financial products and services designed to aid clients in securing a solid financial future. Committed to provide financial investment and planning services to clients with expertise, objectivity and integrity. Seek to become a trusted resource and ally in helping client achieve and maintain client financial goals. EX-TREASURER AND DIRECTOR Company Name DOMINICAN AMERICAN NATIONAL ROUNDTABLE Dates Employed 2000 – 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs Serving the Business and Non Profit Community through team builder continually since 1991 aiming to organize for empowerment in the areas of Economic Development, Education and Leadership development. Education University of Puerto Rico-Rio Piedras Degree Name Master in Business Administration Field Of Study Taxation and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1969 – 1975 University of Puerto Rico-Rio Piedras Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Computer Science Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Dominican Republic Students Association Graduated with Honors in Accounting and Business Statistics. Volunteer Experience Director and Treasurer, Dominican American National Roundtable Company Name United States of America. Dates volunteered Jan 2000 – Jan 2004 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 1 mo Serving the Business and Non Profit Community through team builder continually since 1991 aiming to organize for empowerment in the areas of Economic Development, Education and Leadership development. Active participant as follow Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 33 endorsements for Income Tax 33 Income Tax Al Kushner and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 33 endorsements for Tax Preparation 33 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of RAFAEL’S colleagues at TRANSTAR TRUCKING INC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 24 endorsements for Financial Statements 24 Financial Statements Endorsed by 2 of RAFAEL’S colleagues at TRANSTAR TRUCKING INC Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) America Schroh-Tavarez Individual & Family Services Professional March 10, 2014, America reported directly to RAFAEL Rafael is great professional, community oriented, responsible and a good friend. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments RAFAEL has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Florida Certified Public Accountant and Puerto Rico Certified Public Accountant. RAFAEL has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish RAFAEL has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Colegio de Contadores Publicos de Puerto Rico RAFAEL has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Research on Personal Values of Production Manager and Candidates.
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Garcia Tax Director - at Billabong Green Box Energy University of Maryland College Park Orange County, California Area 358 358 connections InMail A high degree of expertise in international, federal, and state taxation. Highly successful and verifiable track record of being proactive in reducing corporate income tax. Ability to grasp new ideas and integrate them into desired results. Analyzed tax department efficiency, reduced expenditures, and improved operations resulting in increased productivity and profit. Specialties: Corporate Federal and State Income Tax Transfer Pricing Competent Authority Canadian Corporate Income Tax Tax Audits and Appeals Tax Planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Experience Part-time CFO - Consultant Company Name Green Box Energy Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location 300 Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 400, Irvine, CA 92618 • Partner with the CEO on development and execution of an overall finance and accounting strategy.• Evaluate finance and accounting structure and team for continual improvement, efficiency and effectiveness.• Develop tools and perfect systems for all aspects of company financial reporting including monthly and quarterly reporting to owner, investors and financial institutions.• Develop, manage and lead the implementation process of timely and accurate financial reporting and reconciliations. • Interface with lending institutions on loan and lines of credit negotiations.• Develop and implement, in partnership with the CEO, the tax/financial/lending strategies, corporate forecasting/budgets and reliable cash flow projection process and reporting mechanism that includes minimum cash threshold to meet operating needs.• Enhance and/or develop, implement and enforce policies and procedures by developing internal controls and monitoring systems that will improve the overall operation and effectiveness of the company.• Proactively advise owners on creative, efficient and advantageous tax strategies. Media (1) This position has 1 media Hot water monitoring and control systems Hot water monitoring and control systems This media is a link Tax Director Company Name Billabong Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location United States Owner Company Name Lorman Education Services Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Instructor Tax Company Name CPE, Inc. Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Accounting for Income Taxes: Level I & IIInternational Taxation: An IntroductionMultistate Corporate TaxationNEXUS: Avoiding the Long Arms of the StatesSchedule M-3 Adjustments: Tax vs. Book IncomeFIN 48: A Practical Approach Tax Director Company Name Targus Group International, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Oversee Filing of Federal Consolidated Corporate Income Tax Return, State Tax Returns, Canadian Tax Returns, Transfer Pricing Studies and related filings.Represent Company on all Federal, Foreign, and State Tax AuditsManage Tax Staff and Consultants Prepare FAS109 - Accounting for Income Taxes See more positions Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 University of Phoenix Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study MBA - Global Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Patrick Fitzgerald and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 24 endorsements for Corporate Tax 24 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Patrick Fitzgerald and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 16 endorsements for International Tax 16 International Tax Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Targus Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Accomplishments John has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Withholding Tax Documenter Presenting at the International Accounting Conference in San Jose CA Presenting at the International Operations Accounting Conference in San Jose, CA John has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications How to Properly Capitalize Subsidiaries without Being Ensnared in the Earnings Stripping Rules Global Withholding Tax Green Corporate Tax Incentives - Wind Technologies John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA John has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish John has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Arizona Society of CPAs, AICPA, TEI Interests Ledgent 8,241 followers Lorman Education Services 654 followers Finance Network - marcus evans Summits 1,158 members AICPA Academics 569 members Billabong 41,852 followers Callaway Golf 40,358 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jaison has a account Jaison Panacherry Senior Tax Accountant at Party City Holdings Inc. Party City Holdings, Inc. Baruch College United States 314 314 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Party City Holdings, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Elmsford Tax Senior Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New York, NY Local Media Assistant Company Name Active International Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Pearl River, NY Assistant Financial Analyst Company Name Columbia University Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palisades, NY Insurance Tax Associate Company Name MBIA Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos See more positions Education Baruch College Degree Name B.B.A Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Accounting Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by 6 of Jaison’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jaison’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 13 endorsements for Finance 13 Finance Rex Varughese and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Amscan 3,116 followers Citrin Cooperman 4,522 followers Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,997 members Baruch College 118,642 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,566 followers Baruch College 114,188 followers See all See all following
More Actions John A. has a account John A. Blair, CPA Owner, Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC University of Houston-Clear Lake Houston, Texas Area 61 61 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Blair, Robertson & Associates, PLLC State Income Franchise Tax Accountant Company Name KBR, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Education University of Houston-Clear Lake Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,276 followers
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Chan Staff Accountant at Lionsgate Lionsgate UCLA Extension Los Angeles, California 204 204 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name Lionsgate Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Responsible for the general accounting function including preparing journal entries, assisting with monthly and quarterly closings, and preparing account reconciliations. Performs and maintains all functions in A/R billing, cash collections and cash application. Assist in preparing and reviewing A/R aging and production of customer statements to ensure timely payment reporting. Financial Manager Company Name UCLA Anderson Executive Education Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Administered all department financial transactions, including processing and tracking Accounts Payable, payments to vendors and faculty, and managing the Purchase Order process. Also worked collaboratively with the Associate Director of Finance and Operations to organize, implement, and supervise fiscal operations under sales and service fund, including budget submission, preparation of fiscal closing, and development of financial reports and controls. Media (2) This position has 2 media EDGE Program: Your Start on the Path to Career Success EDGE Program: Your Start on the Path to Career Success This media is a video UCLA Anderson Executive Education Programs UCLA Anderson Executive Education Programs This media is a document Financial Assistant Company Name UCLA Extension Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Provided financial and administrative support for the department, including coordinating departmental purchasing process, processing journal entries and account transfers, monthly ledger reconciliation, department equipment and supply management, assistance with fiscal closing, preparing budget revision requests, and periodically training staff on financial systems and procedures. Media (1) This position has 1 media Technical Management Program - UCLA Extension Technical Management Program - UCLA Extension This media is a video Account Receivable Assistant Company Name UCLA Transportation & Parking Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Reconciled and audited daily parking revenue transactions and cash receipts totaling approximately $20,000 per day. Prepared and processed a high volume of interdepartmental monthly billing recharges. Trained and directed new employees to work in an organized, precise, and consistent reconciliation process which substantially improved the efficiency and data accuracy. Media (1) This position has 1 media UCLA Be a Smarter Commuter UCLA Be a Smarter Commuter This media is a video Customer Service Clerk Company Name De Anza College’s Bookstore Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cupertino, CA Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 20 Continuing Education Units. University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Economics, Accounting minor Grade 3.88 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Hong Kong Student Society (Internal Secretary), Project Working for Immigrant Literacy Development (Tutor), VITA (Certified Volunteer Tax Preparer) Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Special Olympics World Games Los Angeles 2015 Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Volunteer at the Anime Expo 2015 Company Name Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Task Captain at the UCLA Volunteer Day 2015 Company Name UCLA Volunteer Center Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Sep 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 13 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at UCLA Anderson Executive Education Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at UCLA Extension Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 7 endorsements for Access 7 Access Elliot Choi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alvin has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Accounting Theory & Practice Business Law Corporate Finance Corporate and Partnership Taxation Ethics in Accounting Financial & Internal Auditing Intermediate Financial Accounting Management Accounting Managerial Finance Tax Principles and Policy Alvin has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese English Japanese Mandarin Chinese Alvin has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards UCLA Staff Appreciation & Recognition Award UCLA Exceptional Service Award Interests Local Alike 98 followers UCLA Anderson Executive Education 1,178 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,779 followers PwC 1,356,133 followers UCLA Anderson School of Management 47,600 followers Sony Pictures Entertainment 323,960 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shaun has a account Shaun Burns Tax Preparer Burns Rodriguez and Associates Tax Services Manhattan College Bronx, New York 49 49 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner/Owner Company Name Burns Rodriguez and Associates Tax Services Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location 4027 E. Tremont Avenue Bronx, N.Y. 10465 BURNS RODRIGUEZ & ASSOCIATESTAX SERVICESINDIVIDUAL CORPORATE ACCOUNTING718-TAX-3900 (829)4027 E. TREMONT AVENUEBRONX, NEW YORK 10465Shaun Burns Richard Rodriguez Joe GarciaHello everyone! We hope you had a joyous and healthy Holiday Season. Shaun Burns and Richard Rodriguez would like to announce the opening of their New Tax & Accounting Firm. We will provide personal & corporate taxpreparation, business accounting, licensing and a variety of other services. The office is located at 4027 E. Tremont Avenue in the Throgs Neck section of theBronx, 10465. Please call us at (718) TAX-3900, (718.829-3900).Joining Shaun and Richard is Joe Garcia, who will handle corporate and business matters. The team has over 25 years of experience in personal, corporate and accounting matters.Burns Rodriguez & Associates will continue to provide the high quality and personalized service that you have come to expect over the years.If you have any preliminary questions regarding your taxes or other financial matters please feel free to give us a call and we will be more than happy to assist you. We are now accepting appointments for income tax preparation.BRING IN THIS EMAIL AND RECEIVE A 10% DISCOUNT! Firefighter Company Name New York City Fire Department Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location The City of New York Owner Company Name Fiddlers Elbow Restaurant & Bar Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Education Manhattan College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 St. John's University Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests New York City Fire Department 12,359 followers St. John's University 90,496 followers Manhattan College 31,612 followers Manhattan College 32,500 followers St. John's University 88,696 followers
More Actions Chen (Elsa) has a account Chen (Elsa) Yang Senior Tax Accountant at JBS JBS University of Denver - Sturm College of Law Greeley, Colorado 186 186 connections Send InMail A hard working, dedicated professional who is skilled in handling all situations with professionalism, communication, and sensitivity. Core values include being responsible, having a conscientious work ethic, exhibiting dependability, and the excellent ability to work in various demanding situations. Self-motivated and passionate about doing the best work possible. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name JBS Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Accountant Company Name WhippleWood CPAs PC Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Denver Area At WhippleWood CPAs, we are proudly redefining the CPA experience by creating dynamic relationships, sharing exciting opportunities and ideas for your business, and having some fun in the process, all while remaining focused on achieving your specific business and personal goals. All of our clients operate within unique environments, and each one brings its own set of challenges and opportunities. With over a century of combined experience, WhippleWood CPAs possesses the knowledge necessary to help companies thrive in a broad range of industries. Our work experience spans a number of key markets, including: Construction IndustryDentist/Health Care PractitionersDistribution IndustryHospitality ProvidersIndependent Auto DealersMcDonald's FranchiseesNot-For-Profit OrganizationsOil and Gas IndustryReal Estate Industry Our focus on the true engagement and relationship building with our clients, lends to a style of uniqueness in the industry. Come experience the difference!Call 303-989-7600 to schedule your Get to Know Each Other meeting. Accountant assistant Company Name Hands Up For Children Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Englewood Comprehensive database management and migration from Bank statement to Accountege to build the accounting system for the organization. Accountant assistant Company Name Restoration Community Church Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Denver Area Comprehensive database management and migration on Quickbook. Tax Assistant Company Name Comedy Works Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Denver Area • Worked on supporting the nonprofit Comedy Works Foundation from the inception stage through execution• Participated in preparing corporate and individual tax returns in conjunction with the company CPA’s• Created detailed tax records, schedules, and analysis on a wide variety of issues• Helped create, and update a tax planning spreadsheet for the multiple companies under the Comedy Works umbrella • Analyzed tax and financial data for the company and its clients• Met with CPA’s, lawyers and other professionals of the company on an on-going basis• Tasks included attending business meetings; creating spreadsheets; and participating in financial, business, tax and strategic analysis, and tax research See more positions Education University of Denver - Sturm College of Law Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 University of Denver - Daniels College of Business Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Heilongjiang University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Accounting See 11 endorsements for Financial Accounting 11 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Bailey Beibei Liu, US CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chen (Elsa)’s colleagues at Comedy Works Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 11 endorsements for Financial Analysis 11 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Chen (Elsa)’s colleagues at Comedy Works Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 11 endorsements for Financial Statements 11 Financial Statements Endorsed by 3 of Chen (Elsa)’s colleagues at Comedy Works Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chen (Elsa) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 15,344 members Apple 3,468,409 followers 黑龙江大学 12,639 followers Frank EliasonFrank Eliason is a LinkedIn Influencer Author, Keynote Speaker, Leading Customer Experience Professional Working on Building the Next Phase of Business 187,988 followers University of Denver - Sturm College of Law 10,348 followers Heilongjiang University 13,836 followers See all See all following
More Actions LAURIE has a account LAURIE BLANTON, CPA Active Status VP Global Corporate Controller at Crocs, Inc Crocs, Inc University of Michigan-Dearborn Boulder, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Accounting executive with strong leadership experience and recognized contributions as a senior management team member in identification of operational needs and opportunities, formulation of innovative solutions and development of highly knowledgeable and results-oriented teams in complex organizations. Approachable and outgoing, Laurie is an expert problem solver and passionate team builder with a hands-on approach to mentoring and leadership. She is a valued business partner who can bridge the technical accounting realms, operational and executive concerns. Even though Laurie is an active status CPA by trade and excels at the technical aspects of her craft, Laurie is a people person at heart and brings strongly developed social skills to a highly technical field. Laurie’s areas of expertise include: • Controllership, accounting operations and financial reporting • Technical GAAP accounting • Corporate governance • International and multi-location operations • SEC compliance and reporting • Sarbanes Oxley • Process improvement • Cost accounting • Staff training and development • Manufacturing/Life Sciences/Retail =================================================================== Specialties: Controller and Financial Reporting Keywords: Financial Accounting; technical accounting research; US GAAP; SEC Reporting; XBRL tagging; COSO, Sarbanes Oxley SOX 404 Internal Controls; Cost Accounting, Mergers and Acquisitions; International Operations; Cross-Functional Team Performance; Knowledge of SAP system infrastructure; Staff Development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience VP Global Corporate Controller Company Name Crocs, Inc Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Boulder Area, Colorado Laurie leads the global accounting and reporting organization, shared services, and SOX controls. She influences the development of improved business processes and staff capabilities to better support decision making. VP Global Corporate Controller, Reported to CFO Company Name Quiksilver Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Huntington Beach, CA Laurie provided the leadership to transform the Company's global financial accounting and reporting efforts by improving processes and global communication.Laurie improved global accounting processes in this complex, global, decentralized, and rapidly evolving organization. Working directly with the global fellow executives, Laurie developed, implemented and improved business process flows,enhanced internal controls and created accountability. Assistant Controller, Reported to VP Controller CAO Company Name Ducommun Incorporated Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Carson, California DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED provides engineering and manufacturing services to the aerospace, defense, and other industries through a wide spectrum of electronic and structural applications. The company is an established supplier of critical components and assemblies for commercial aircraft and military and space vehicles as well as for the energy market, medical field, and industrial automation.Laurie managed the corporate accounting department, shared-services departments and oversees the financial closing, consolidation and SEC reporting. She worked directly with the executive management team, counsel, audit committee, investor relations and external auditors to manage and prepare SEC reporting and registration statements. She researches technical accounting issues and provides executive summaries. She develops global implementation plans for emerging accounting issues. She develops, implements and maintains financial and administrative company-wide policies and procedures to ensure compliance with GAAP, SEC rules and COSO. She implements process improvements to streamline the closing process and accounting functions. Director of External Reporting, Reported to VP Controller Company Name Edison Mission Energy Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos EDISON INTERNATIONAL, through its subsidiaries, is a generator and distributor of electric power (through its regulated subsidiary Southern California Edison) and an investor in infrastructure and energy assets, including renewable energy (through its non-regulated subsidiary Edison Mission Energy Group).EDISON MISSION GROUP (EMG) manages the competitive power generation business, alternative energy business and other unregulated subsidiaries of Edison International. In her role as Director of External Reporting, Laurie drew upon her extensive experience in SEC reporting and applies her well-honed technical accounting skills to the field of energy generation. She reported to the VP Controller, overseed a staff of three and two consultants, interfaced with external auditors regarding technological accounting matters and SEC reporting processes for three SEC registrants and interfaced with senior executives on company issues. She has also supported the development of the annual company wide SOX 404 internal controls compliance audit plan, monitored audit progress and assisted with resolution of audit findings throughout the company.She drew upon her extensive knowledge SAP infrastructure to reduce the data gathering process for the company's wind project portfolio by two man days. She provided strategic leadership to the company's implementation of WebFiling's web based software which streamlined the preparation of SEC documents for three SEC registrants and boosted productivity. She provided guidance for the implementation of XBRL detailed tagging for 3 SEC registrants. Interim Financial Accounting and SEC Reporting Consultant, working with VP Controllers and CFOs Company Name Resources Global Professionals Dates Employed May 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Laurie served as Interim Director of Finance for a start-up subsidiary of a foreign-based pharmaceutical company. Her responsibilities included the development of scalable accounting procedures and systems, including wholesaler chargebacks and government rebates. She also developed an inventory demand planning system.Laurie's other interim positions involved the assessment of SEC reporting requirements for acquisitions, licensing agreements, discontinued operations and disposals of businesses. She also managed the SEC reporting process. See more positions Education University of Michigan-Dearborn Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1981 High Distinction Honors Featured Skills & Endorsements SEC filings See 60 endorsements for SEC filings 60 SEC filings Ali Khan and 59 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 45 endorsements for Financial Reporting 45 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Richard Bonilla, MBA ✔ and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of LAURIE’S colleagues at RGP Click and drag to reorder skills US GAAP See 45 endorsements for US GAAP 45 US GAAP Bruce Lux - CPA and 44 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (3) Kathleen Brennan de Jesus Senior Attorney at Southern California Edison December 18, 2012, Kathleen worked with LAURIE but at different companies Laurie was an integral part of making the SEC reporting process for Edison International and our subsidiaries’ external reporting teams work much more efficiently and collaboratively. The completion of the our 5 SEC reports between the parent and the subsidiary companies went so much smoother with Laurie’s active participation, which is no small feat given the complexity of our reports and the tight deadlines all of our registrants have to meet. Laurie’s unique combination of technical expertise and pleasant, team-oriented personality made a huge difference. I would highly recommend Laurie Blanton. Crystal Needham Senior Attorney at Southern California Edison (SCE) October 3, 2012, Crystal worked with LAURIE in different groups I have been working with Laurie at Edison Mission Energy on SEC reporting matters for the last couple of years. She is smart, well-prepared and professional and has a knack for explaining accounting issues in a way that is understandable by the rest of us. She is able to shoulder very significant responsibility—not to mention a heavy workload—with grace and good humor. It has been an absolute pleasure to work with her. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Ali Khan Experienced Accounting & Finance leader April 26, 2014, LAURIE managed Ali directly Shortening our company-wide accounting close cycle was a key corporate objective. In support of this objective, Ali Khan played a significant role in the identification and implementation of improved procedures surrounding intercompany transactions across our multi-location organization. These intercompany transactions were numerous and frequently resulted in out of balance conditions, which delayed our closing. Ali was pro-active and identified solutions to help resolve these out of balance conditions among our many business locations. More importantly, Ali exhibited leadership and influence far beyond his years of experience by taking the initiative and revising processes. He then contacted each location and explained the new procedures, ultimately getting them on board with new processes he had designed. Ali is dedicated to learning and growing and enjoys taking on new challenges. When given the opportunity to assist with the preparation of the company’s SEC reports, he demonstrated enthusiasm and diligence. Ali has that rare combination of integrity, strong work ethic, commitment to excellence, and ability to see the big picture, while not being afraid to roll up his sleeves and do the detail work. I could always count on Ali to get the job done. His smart yet humble personal demeanor makes him a joy to work with. I highly recommend Ali Khan. Maria Hensley Executive Search, Management Consulting, Business Development July 11, 2012, LAURIE was a client of Maria’s While Corporate Controller for Printronix, I often relied on the finance and accounting expertise of Maria Hensley and Resources Global to deliver top-notch consulting solutions. I trusted their knowledge and understanding of my business needs and I knew that their professionals would always fit into my organization’s culture. Their ability to skillfully accomplish our objectives in an efficient manner enables me to highly recommend Maria and Resources Global to other organizations needing problems solved. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Learn How to Get Hired Fast with SIGNAL feature on LI Job Search Career 4,337 members FENG Southern California 641 members Orange County Healthcare Networking Group 2,749 members University of Michigan-Dearborn 34,917 followers Pharma/Bio Accounting and Reporting Network 1,536 members We Are Orange County!™ (WAOC™) - California 12,117 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniela has a account Daniela Hristova- Nikolova Senior Tax accountant at Telenor Bulgaria EAD Telenor Bulgaria EAD Sofia, Sofia City Province, Bulgaria 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow Daniela’s Activity 8 followers Do you want to be a part of a newly established Procurement Company in Singapore, and at the same time work in an International Telco Company? Then you may be my new colleague…… Daniela liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax accountant Company Name Telenor Bulgaria EAD Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Telenor Bulgaria EAD Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 8 mos Location Sofia, Bulgaria Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions John has a account John Calderone, CPA Accountant at Wood, Singleton, Hicks & Haisten CPA's Wood, Singleton, Hicks & Haisten CPA's Spring Hill College Mobile, Alabama Area 300 300 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Wood, Singleton, Hicks & Haisten CPA's Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Mobile, AL President Company Name The Grounds Dates Employed 2013 – 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Spring Hill College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Management Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Spring Hill College Baseball Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 8 endorsements for Financial Reporting 8 Financial Reporting Aaron M. Warren, M.S.,P.E. and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Office 7 Microsoft Office Aaron M. Warren, M.S.,P.E. and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Aaron M. Warren, M.S.,P.E. and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations The Mobile Alabama Junior Chamber (JAYCEEs) City of Mobile - Internal Audit Committee The Grounds AICPA The Alabama Society of CPA's John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Spring Hill College 8,664 followers Spring Hill College National Alumni Association 1,391 members Spring Hill College 8,999 followers CPA Trendlines 51,717 members
More Actions Diana has a account Diana Ung, CPA Tax Manager at Riot Games Riot Games University of California, Los Angeles Greater Los Angeles Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Tax Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Tax Intern Company Name Mayotte Management Group, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Accounts Receivable Company Name Lions Gate Films Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 8 mos Education University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name B.S & B.A Field Of Study Mathematics - Applied Science Mangement and Accounting (B.S.) & Economics (B.A) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Student Accounting Society Volunteer Experience Committee/Volunteer Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Linda Weng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 13 endorsements for Tax Accounting 13 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Maria Chan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Diana has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests University of California, Los Angeles 479,078 followers PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,179 members Blizzard Entertainment 208,282 followers University of California, Los Angeles 512,872 followers Riot Games 107,061 followers
More Actions Emily has a account Emily Bates Actuarial Transamerica University of Kentucky Louisville, Kentucky Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certifications: Certified Public Accountant Chartered Financial Analyst Certified Management Accountant Certified Information Systems Auditor Fellow, Life Management Institute Highlights Experience Actuarial Project Coordinator Company Name Transamerica Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Model Validation/Change Management Company Name Transamerica Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Special Projects Company Name AEGON Americas Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cedar Rapids and Louisville Director, Risk and Finance Company Name AEGON Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Director, Accounting and Risk Management Company Name AEGON Institutional Markets Inc. Dates Employed May 1993 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 16 yrs 3 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area Various financial and risk positions in AEGON Institutional Markets and its predecessor division/companies (Providian Capital Management, Diversified Financial Products) See more positions Education University of Kentucky Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, number of scholarships/awards Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Risk See 32 endorsements for Financial Risk 32 Financial Risk Endorsed by Gary L. Lavey, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 25 endorsements for Risk Management 25 Risk Management Endorsed by Nasir Rahman, CFA, FRM and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills Insurance See 19 endorsements for Insurance 19 Insurance Endorsed by 9 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Nasir Rahman, CFA, FRM Financial Risk Executive | Enterprise Risk | Credit Risk | Operational Risk | Market & Liquidity Risk | Strategic Risk October 22, 2012, Emily managed Nasir directly I recommend Nasir for opportunities that utilize his special expertise in understanding complex financial instruments and managing risks. He has very high analytical and math skills and the intuitive abilities to understand complex structures and the various risks that are embedded in them. He also has experience and a high level of knowledge of economic valuation and economic capital concepts. While I worked with Nasir, he was involved in two positions. The first was management of new initiatives involving investments or investment products and various structures. During this time, he managed projects from beginning to end. He communicated with a broad cross functional team of various levels, external parties (if applicable) and senior management. His time in this role was spent on defining the initiative’s goals, develop project plans, provide input on optimal transaction structures, and manage implementation and project close out. The second position was primarily involved in AEGON’s economic capital modeling and risk assessment for investment contract liabilities, structured products and investments, and the assets and hedges that backed these items. He was very involved in understanding the ALM risks we were taking and had to explain how those looked under various economic conditions to our senior management. He also provided coaching and guidance to staff members on these complex models and topics. He also worked with our internal and external consultants to assist in explaining and educating them on our economic capital models. As noted earlier, I would recommend Nasir for positions that utilize his high level of knowledge of financial instruments, economic capital and risk management. Michele Coan, CPA, CGMA, FLMI Manager, IT & Operational Auditing at LG&E and KU Energy LLC October 22, 2012, Emily worked with Michele in different groups I have worked with Michele either directly or indirectly for her entire career at AEGON and its predecessor companies (Providian and Capital Holding Corporation). Michele shows an enthusiasm for learning new items and is very successful in her ability to master and make a positive impact, as noted in her progressive increasing responsibilities from an accounting/audit background to eventually head up the Operations, IT and Communications groups in AEGON Institutional Markets. She is very focused on results, very organized, experienced in improving internal controls, works with HR on staff development/increasing opportunities and operates well in her communications with senior management. She has developed and installed new systems, integrated acquisitions, had to implement some tough staffing decisions including reorganizations, negotiated with her peers in some tough business issues, and maintained positive relationships throughout the organization. Michele's work experiences show she is extremely skilled in anything to do with workflow improvement or managing large groups of people and I recommend her for an Operations or IT management position. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Transamerica 42,102 followers University of Kentucky 139,807 followers University of Kentucky Gatton College of Business and Economics 5,203 members Institute of Management Accountants (IMA®) Official Site 40,924 members Aegon 36,043 followers Risk, Regulation & Reporting 229,284 members See all See all following
More Actions Belinda has a account Belinda Pinotti "the Highlands Tax Lady" => Tax Problem Solver who Listens, owner of Highlands Tax & Accounting | (502) 420-1040 Highlands Tax & Accounting Louisville, Kentucky 152 152 connections Send InMail (502) 420-1040 | 1705 Bardstown Road | Call or Stop In Anytime! Belinda's passion is helping individuals & small businesses solve complex tax problems. "the Highland's Tax Lady - She Listens" ☛ WHY THE HIGHLANDS TAX LADY MIGHT BE RIGHT FOR YOU ☚ Serving the Louisville community for more than 25 years Belinda's experience in the public sector, large firm, and personal experience drives her to find the best solutions to the most complex tax situation. ✔ INDIVIDUALS ★ Helping Louisville residents with their personal income tax needs. Belinda often helps individuals review past tax years that have often been overpaid gaining refunds that many miss. ★ Helping Louisville residents maneuver through the challenging world of the IRS providing a 'peace' of mind when often the options seem to be gone. ★ From the simplest income tax needs to the most complex Belinda works on your behalf to find the most deductions by doing what others do not do, listening & asking questions because she cares. ✔ SMALL BUSINESS ★ Helping Small Businesses with their Monthly Accounting & Bookkeeping needs (perfect size match is $5 million in revenue or less) ★ The challenges of growing a small business is tough enough without having to worry about tax issues. Belinda advises small business to make the proper decisions to reduce income and corporate tax impact. ★ Belinda specializes in helping start up companies establish the proper foundation for maximum tax benefit. These early decisions made properly will be more attractive to banks, investors, and possible buyers of the business. If you'd like to have an accountant who listens, who takes your best interest to heart, has extensive experience in the tax and IRS landscape give Highland's Tax & Accounting a call or stop in and say hi to meet Belinda. (502) 420-1040 ~ 1705 Bardstown Road. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Belinda’s Articles 153 followers 6 Ways to Keep Your Business Finances in Order Belinda Pinotti on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 3, 2016 See all articles Small Business Tax Guide Belinda Pinotti on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 7, 2015 Experience Tax Consultant & Business Owner Company Name Highlands Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Apr 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 3 mos Location 1705 Bardstown Road, Louisville, Kentucky 40205 Belinda personally oversees every tax return and new customer that walks through our door. Her experience and ability to listen, unlike most accountants, may uncover opportunities for you to reduce your tax liabilities through full observance of IRS, state, & local tax codes. Featured Skills & Endorsements Bookkeeping See 9 endorsements for Bookkeeping 9 Bookkeeping Mohammad Mandahvi and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Personal Tax Planning See 3 endorsements for Personal Tax Planning 3 Personal Tax Planning Martin Bos and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Tax Planning See 3 endorsements for Business Tax Planning 3 Business Tax Planning Martin Bos and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Michael F. R. Marketing Growth Strategist. Connects Marketing to Sales for Exponential ROI. June 11, 2015, Michael F. was a client of Belinda’s Belinda and the Highlands Tax team is the best accountant I've ever experienced. They work for me - finding me ways to save $s like my business & personal life is their own. You may be satisfied with your accountant but I highly suggest you have a chat with Belinda. It could be worth thousand$ to you. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Louisville Digital Association 543 members Signature Healthcare 7,138 followers Louisville Business First 2,127 followers Louisville Collegiate School 408 followers Louisville Metro Government 5,702 followers V-Soft Consulting Group, Inc. 13,092 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniela has a account Daniela Hristova- Nikolova Senior Tax accountant at Telenor Bulgaria EAD Telenor Bulgaria EAD Sofia, Sofia City Province, Bulgaria 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow Daniela’s Activity 8 followers Do you want to be a part of a newly established Procurement Company in Singapore, and at the same time work in an International Telco Company? Then you may be my new colleague…… Daniela liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax accountant Company Name Telenor Bulgaria EAD Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Telenor Bulgaria EAD Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 8 mos Location Sofia, Bulgaria Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Susan Morris has a account Susan Morris Culbertson, CPA Owner, Controllers, Etc., 20+ Years Providing Exceptional Corporate Accounting Services and Consulting 540-344-4538 Controllers, Etc. Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Roanoke, Virginia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY, REDUCE YOUR STRESS! Delivering Accounting and Management Services for Corporations: For-Profit Non-Profit These services include: Emergency or Planned Vacancy Coverage: Financial Accounting Management Accounting Controllership Hands-on Projects: Various Management/Executive-level Projects that can reduce your productivity. These may include: * Audit Preparation * Budget Preparation * Discrepancy Research/Forensic Concerns * Peak Workload Assistance and Stabilization * Projects Involving Sensitive Information (Human Resources, etc.) We Free You from Projects – large or small – allowing you to focus on priorities Providing Consulting Services as a bonus to the hands-on assignment! More than 35 years of expertise in a wide variety of industries! Proudly Serving Clients in Virginia for Over 20 Years! Specialties: * Removing your bottlenecks * Quickly assessing a rapidly changing financial situation * Providing an outside viewpoint in a confidential atmosphere * Establishing infrastructure as part of the solution * Working within/between departments to avoid a recurrence of issues * Helping you to excel at your position, to focus your energies, and to grow your company’s position in today’s global market See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Susan Morris’ Articles & Activity 976 followers Ten Steps for Successful "Pay-Per-Project" Services Susan Morris Culbertson, CPA on LinkedIn See all articles Aha to All In: Life Lessons From an Unexpected Entrepreneur Susan Morris liked Congratulations to Tri-Cities Workcamps on their 30 year anniversary in July! Susan Morris shared this A couple of beachcombers in Myrtle Beach, SC found a huge tooth on the beach. The tooth measured five inches, and it was taken to the nearby Ripley's Aquarium for analysis. The couple learned that the tooth was more than a million years old. They also learned that the tooth came from Carcharocles megalodon, which was the largest shark ever known to have existed. These sharks grew up to 60 feet in length, 3 times the size of a great white shark. It is believed that hurricane-driven waves and churning of the ocean brought this tooth to the surface and to the shore. Just imagine how long it would take to brush a whole mouthful of those teeth! Susan Morris liked See all activity Experience Owner/Corporate Accounting Consultant Company Name Controllers, Etc. Dates Employed Jan 1995 – Present Employment Duration 22 yrs 6 mos Regional Office Administrator Company Name Communicare/Pro-Rehab, CMS Therapies Dates Employed Dec 1992 – Jan 1995 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Providing physical, occupational, and speech therapists to long-term care facilities in VA, MD, and PA. Senior Accountant Company Name Coordinated Services Management, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 1986 – Dec 1992 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Providing management of senior living facilities in VA and MD. Bookkeeper Company Name Waldrop Realty/K-W Builders/Caroline Forest Apartments/Waldrop Charit. Foundation Dates Employed Apr 1984 – Feb 1986 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos WITS Computer Operator Company Name Wheat First Securities Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Mar 1984 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos See more positions Education Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Degree Name B. S., Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Virginia Tech Degree Name B. S. Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1981 Activities and Societies: SpecTechUlars (Highty Tighty Drill Team) 77-80, Captain, 80; Horticulture Club; Intramural Softball In addition to Accounting, I also studied Architecture and was one class short of a minor in Horticulture. G W Carver High School, Fieldale, VA Degree Name High School Diploma (4th in graduating class) Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1976 Was enrolled in the College Prep classes, but also was the first female student in any "shop" class - Mechanical Drawing! Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 80 endorsements for Accounting 80 Accounting Endorsed by Olaf Barthelmai and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 71 endorsements for Budgets 71 Budgets Eddy Jones and 70 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 56 endorsements for Management 56 Management Catrina Medlin Medlin and 55 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (14) Paul O'Rear Involvement and Education Minister at Brown Street Church of Christ in Waxahachie, Texas May 24, 2013, Susan Morris worked with Paul in the same group Susan and I both served as Regional Office Administrators for Communicare/Pro-Rehab, in different states. I admired her business sense and efficiency in running the Virginia Regional Office. She was highly respected by co-workers and supervisors alike. One quality that has always impressed me about Susan is her compassionate nature. Jim Cole CEO at Masonic Home of Virginia March 23, 2011, Jim worked with Susan Morris in different groups Susan is a respected professional who has developed a strong reputation for "getting the job done." She has a great variety of experience and has often been called in to salvage difficult situations. She has shown herself to be energetic and motivated in meeting a client's needs. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Ann Shawver, CPA, CPFO Public Finance Consulting July 2, 2012, Ann was a client of Susan Morris’ Ann Shawver manages a multitude of funds, enterprises, and people in a calm and collected manner. She is well respected by her staff and colleagues. Mrs. Shawver maintains a sharp eye on controlling the City’s budget. It is a genuine pleasure to work with her. Christy S. Coleman Chief Executive Officer at The American Civil War Museum March 11, 2011, Susan Morris worked with Christy S. but at different companies Christy Coleman is an energetic and informative speaker! Her wealth of knowledge extends beyond her base subject into connectivity - between past and present, between co-existing cultures, between shifts in power and vision. She provides a unique perspective on a subject that we presume to know so well! View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Susan Morris has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Secrets of a Non-Profit Voyeur Company Policy: How to Avoid the Gathering Thieves at the Office Door Business of Business: Get Financial Advice Ten Steps for Successful "Pay-Per-Project"Services Susan Morris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant - VA Susan Morris has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Virginia Society of CPAs Interests Parker Design Group, Inc. 89 followers Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business 30,372 followers Virginia Tech 200,569 followers VSCPA Roanoke Area Chapter 38 members Best Net Partners 24 members JTKWeb 20 followers See all See all following
More Actions Emily has a account Emily Bates Actuarial Transamerica University of Kentucky Louisville, Kentucky Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certifications: Certified Public Accountant Chartered Financial Analyst Certified Management Accountant Certified Information Systems Auditor Fellow, Life Management Institute Highlights Experience Actuarial Project Coordinator Company Name Transamerica Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Model Validation/Change Management Company Name Transamerica Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Special Projects Company Name AEGON Americas Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cedar Rapids and Louisville Director, Risk and Finance Company Name AEGON Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Director, Accounting and Risk Management Company Name AEGON Institutional Markets Inc. Dates Employed May 1993 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 16 yrs 3 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area Various financial and risk positions in AEGON Institutional Markets and its predecessor division/companies (Providian Capital Management, Diversified Financial Products) See more positions Education University of Kentucky Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, number of scholarships/awards Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Risk See 32 endorsements for Financial Risk 32 Financial Risk Endorsed by Gary L. Lavey, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 25 endorsements for Risk Management 25 Risk Management Endorsed by Nasir Rahman, CFA, FRM and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills Insurance See 19 endorsements for Insurance 19 Insurance Endorsed by 9 of Emily’s colleagues at Transamerica Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Nasir Rahman, CFA, FRM Financial Risk Executive | Enterprise Risk | Credit Risk | Operational Risk | Market & Liquidity Risk | Strategic Risk October 22, 2012, Emily managed Nasir directly I recommend Nasir for opportunities that utilize his special expertise in understanding complex financial instruments and managing risks. He has very high analytical and math skills and the intuitive abilities to understand complex structures and the various risks that are embedded in them. He also has experience and a high level of knowledge of economic valuation and economic capital concepts. While I worked with Nasir, he was involved in two positions. The first was management of new initiatives involving investments or investment products and various structures. During this time, he managed projects from beginning to end. He communicated with a broad cross functional team of various levels, external parties (if applicable) and senior management. His time in this role was spent on defining the initiative’s goals, develop project plans, provide input on optimal transaction structures, and manage implementation and project close out. The second position was primarily involved in AEGON’s economic capital modeling and risk assessment for investment contract liabilities, structured products and investments, and the assets and hedges that backed these items. He was very involved in understanding the ALM risks we were taking and had to explain how those looked under various economic conditions to our senior management. He also provided coaching and guidance to staff members on these complex models and topics. He also worked with our internal and external consultants to assist in explaining and educating them on our economic capital models. As noted earlier, I would recommend Nasir for positions that utilize his high level of knowledge of financial instruments, economic capital and risk management. Michele Coan, CPA, CGMA, FLMI Manager, IT & Operational Auditing at LG&E and KU Energy LLC October 22, 2012, Emily worked with Michele in different groups I have worked with Michele either directly or indirectly for her entire career at AEGON and its predecessor companies (Providian and Capital Holding Corporation). Michele shows an enthusiasm for learning new items and is very successful in her ability to master and make a positive impact, as noted in her progressive increasing responsibilities from an accounting/audit background to eventually head up the Operations, IT and Communications groups in AEGON Institutional Markets. She is very focused on results, very organized, experienced in improving internal controls, works with HR on staff development/increasing opportunities and operates well in her communications with senior management. She has developed and installed new systems, integrated acquisitions, had to implement some tough staffing decisions including reorganizations, negotiated with her peers in some tough business issues, and maintained positive relationships throughout the organization. Michele's work experiences show she is extremely skilled in anything to do with workflow improvement or managing large groups of people and I recommend her for an Operations or IT management position. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Transamerica 42,102 followers Brown-Forman 91,966 followers CFA Institute Members 69,527 members Yum! Brands 80,595 followers Aegon 36,043 followers University of Kentucky Gatton College of Business and Economics 5,203 members See all See all following
More Actions Belinda has a account Belinda Pinotti "the Highlands Tax Lady" => Tax Problem Solver who Listens, owner of Highlands Tax & Accounting | (502) 420-1040 Highlands Tax & Accounting Louisville, Kentucky 152 152 connections Send InMail (502) 420-1040 | 1705 Bardstown Road | Call or Stop In Anytime! Belinda's passion is helping individuals & small businesses solve complex tax problems. "the Highland's Tax Lady - She Listens" ☛ WHY THE HIGHLANDS TAX LADY MIGHT BE RIGHT FOR YOU ☚ Serving the Louisville community for more than 25 years Belinda's experience in the public sector, large firm, and personal experience drives her to find the best solutions to the most complex tax situation. ✔ INDIVIDUALS ★ Helping Louisville residents with their personal income tax needs. Belinda often helps individuals review past tax years that have often been overpaid gaining refunds that many miss. ★ Helping Louisville residents maneuver through the challenging world of the IRS providing a 'peace' of mind when often the options seem to be gone. ★ From the simplest income tax needs to the most complex Belinda works on your behalf to find the most deductions by doing what others do not do, listening & asking questions because she cares. ✔ SMALL BUSINESS ★ Helping Small Businesses with their Monthly Accounting & Bookkeeping needs (perfect size match is $5 million in revenue or less) ★ The challenges of growing a small business is tough enough without having to worry about tax issues. Belinda advises small business to make the proper decisions to reduce income and corporate tax impact. ★ Belinda specializes in helping start up companies establish the proper foundation for maximum tax benefit. These early decisions made properly will be more attractive to banks, investors, and possible buyers of the business. If you'd like to have an accountant who listens, who takes your best interest to heart, has extensive experience in the tax and IRS landscape give Highland's Tax & Accounting a call or stop in and say hi to meet Belinda. (502) 420-1040 ~ 1705 Bardstown Road. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Belinda’s Articles 153 followers 6 Ways to Keep Your Business Finances in Order Belinda Pinotti on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 3, 2016 See all articles Small Business Tax Guide Belinda Pinotti on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 7, 2015 Experience Tax Consultant & Business Owner Company Name Highlands Tax & Accounting Dates Employed Apr 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 3 mos Location 1705 Bardstown Road, Louisville, Kentucky 40205 Belinda personally oversees every tax return and new customer that walks through our door. Her experience and ability to listen, unlike most accountants, may uncover opportunities for you to reduce your tax liabilities through full observance of IRS, state, & local tax codes. Featured Skills & Endorsements Bookkeeping See 9 endorsements for Bookkeeping 9 Bookkeeping Mohammad Mandahvi and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Personal Tax Planning See 3 endorsements for Personal Tax Planning 3 Personal Tax Planning Martin Bos and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Tax Planning See 3 endorsements for Business Tax Planning 3 Business Tax Planning Martin Bos and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Michael F. R. Marketing Growth Strategist. Connects Marketing to Sales for Exponential ROI. June 11, 2015, Michael F. was a client of Belinda’s Belinda and the Highlands Tax team is the best accountant I've ever experienced. They work for me - finding me ways to save $s like my business & personal life is their own. You may be satisfied with your accountant but I highly suggest you have a chat with Belinda. It could be worth thousand$ to you. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Louisville Business First 2,127 followers ResCare 15,263 followers Signature Healthcare 7,138 followers Louisville Network of Entrepreneurial Women 487 members V-Soft Consulting Group, Inc. 13,092 followers Louisville Digital Association 543 members See all See all following
More Actions Jared has a account Jared Brandner Tax at Crowe Horwath LLP Crowe Horwath LLP Regis University Chicago, Illinois 171 171 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Tax Accountant Company Name The Anschutz Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Denver Area • Prepares S Corporation, C Corporation, Partnership, and Sales and Use Tax Returns• Responsible for the maintenance and development of tax schedules, including tax basis for fixed assets, tax depreciation, gain/loss calculations, deferral, and tax credit calculations• Successfully assists with outsourcing returns to Deloitte and KPMG as well as preparing PBC documents including VAT workpapers and invoices• Prepares property tax renditions and work papers reconciling with assessments• Contributing member of an eight person tax department team working on a wide variety of entities with an emphasis on entertainment, media, and energy General Manager Company Name KRCX Regis University Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs • Managed the station, overseeing the work of 10 employees and 16 volunteers.• Organized and led weekly meetings to ensure goals were met. • Planned and executed events, to include managing the funds. • Maintained on-air schedule and updated KRCX website Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Company Name Regis University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Denver •Aided students, elderly, and less fortunate with taxes.•Teamed up with other volunteers using the program Taxwise to complete tax forms. Music Director Company Name KRCX Regis University Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Denver Area •Determined playlist for assigned on-air time. •Recorded weekly charts and communicated with promoters.•Conducted on-air interviews with bands and wrote online concert reviews. Education Regis University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Clint Williams and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Clint Williams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Clint Williams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Regis University 59,969 followers Regis University 58,042 followers Crowe Horwath LLP 39,020 followers The Anschutz Corporation 1,165 followers
More Actions Chad has a account Chad Wood Chief Financial Officer at Truss, LLC Truss LLC Rockhurst University Kansas City, Missouri Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a top-performing Chief Financial Officer, with a demonstrated track record of maximizing profits, driving business growth and improving operational efficiency. I am adept at approaching business decisions from an objective standpoint, considering both financial and company-wide, cross-functional impacts. My passion is leading organizations through change to a more innovative, successful, and profitable future. SELECT FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT ACHIEVEMENTS • Developed comprehensive financial dashboards to better equip executives and managers with real-time information for strategic decisions. • Engineered cost-plus accounting systems and internal controls to accommodate a 500% project load increase. • Consistently reduce write-offs and receivable collection times. • Executed strict cash flow and reporting to reduce credit dependency. • Negotiated credit facilities exceeding $20M. • Audited expenditures and cut costs by soliciting additional vendor bids, identifying overpayments and maximizing tax deductions. SELECT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACHIEVEMENTS • Generated revenues worth over $400M by securing and negotiating multiple long-term service agreements with Fortune 50 companies. • Consistently achieved net profit margins 4% above industry averages. • Performed mergers and acquisition consulting for the purchase and sale of businesses worth more than $150M. SELECT OPERATIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS • Recruited as a change agent to guide rapid growth from $20M to $120M in revenue within a five-year period. • Saved approximately $30K annually and improved client satisfaction by eliminating costly processes. • Improved efficiency and accuracy by migrating accounting and operations management software to Office 365. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Truss LLC Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Senior-level financial executive Chief Financial Officer & Director of Business Development Company Name Kelly Construction Group, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Overland Park, Kansas Senior-level financial executive with additional responsibility for directing business development efforts for this recently divested company. Engineer and execute day-to-day financial management, risk management, strategic business planning and operations. Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Company Name Schweiger Construction Company Dates Employed 2004 – 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Kansas City, Missouri Area Recruited to develop and implement operating policies and procedures to accommodate significant growth in project quantities and delivery method changes. Led all financial aspects of the business including prime contract review, negotiation and risk management. Developed operations and strategic plans to expand operational efficiencies. Senior Manager Company Name CBIZ MHM, LLC Dates Employed 1993 – 2004 Employment Duration 11 yrs Location Leawood, KS Provided business tax, accounting and audit attestation consulting services to corporate and individual clients. Chief Financial Officer Company Name Harvest Board International Dates Employed 2001 – 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Overland Park, KS Recruited for a 2-year executive assignment to assume the key role in facility construction, equipment installation, production line start-up and production of all required policies, procedures and processes. Education Rockhurst University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Business Administration - Accounting Grade Graduated Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Budgets See 24 endorsements for Budgets 24 Budgets Kari Hohn and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 21 endorsements for Risk Management 21 Risk Management Endorsed by Chandler Cullor, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chad’s colleagues at Truss LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Contract Negotiation See 18 endorsements for Contract Negotiation 18 Contract Negotiation Endorsed by Susan McGreevy and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Chad’s colleagues at Schweiger Construction Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chad has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations 7x24 Exchange American Institute of Certified Professional Accountants (AICPA) Construction Financial Management Organization (CFMA) Institute of Certified Construction Industry Financial Professionals (ICCIFP) Chad has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Construction Industry Financial Professional Chartered Global Management Accountant Chad has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Tier III Modular Data Center Tier IV Data Center Interests Linking Construction 192,616 members Rockhurst University 19,093 followers ACI Boland Architects 1,013 followers HarenLaughlin Construction 580 followers Construction Management 168,523 members Construction Networking (36,000+ Members) 52,626 members See all See all following
More Actions Martha has a account Martha Ruiz Senior tax accountant MF & Associates CPA Pa University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 66 66 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name MF & Associates CPA Pa Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dadeland, Miami, FL Senior Accountant Company Name Appelrouth, Farah & Co., P.A. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Coral gables, Fl Senior tax accountant Company Name Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media Kabat - Schertzer - De La Torre - Taraboulos & Company Kabat - Schertzer - De La Torre - Taraboulos & Company This media is a link Senior tax accountant Company Name Sanson, Kline, Jacomino, Tandoc & Gamarra, LLP Dates Employed May 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Tax Accountant Company Name Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Dates Employed 2008 – 2008 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 7 endorsements for QuickBooks 7 QuickBooks Endorsed by Margarita Pastora, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CPA Trendlines 51,717 members Patricia D. Estefan, CPA, PA 59 followers KPMG US 455,535 followers University of St. Thomas - Opus College of Business 15,096 followers Kaufman Rossin 3,269 followers CPA Candidates 4,760 members See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Ohlin Therrien, MST Owner/Accountant at Ohlin Tax & Accounting LLC Ohlin Tax & Accounting LLC Florida International University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 65 65 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner/Accountant Company Name Ohlin Tax & Accounting LLC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location 440 E. Sample Road, Suite 202, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Registered Investment Advisor/Owner Company Name Florida Wealth Management LLC Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs Location 440 E. Sample Road, Suite 202, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Senior Accountant Company Name Christine M. Ohlin, CPA, PA Dates Employed May 1996 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 17 yrs 2 mos Location 440 E. Sample Road, Suite 202, Pompano Beach, FL 33064 Education Florida International University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Florida Atlantic University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 2 endorsements for Tax Preparation 2 Tax Preparation Tom Kenny and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Victoria Fenick and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting Tax Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Inc. Magazine 1,638,461 followers CNBC 1,121,234 followers Florida International University 183,200 followers Florida Atlantic University 119,122 followers Florida International University 172,705 followers Forbes 4,680,193 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Lewis Partner, Ours Lawyer Lewis & Co PLLC Ours Lawyer Lewis & Co, PLLC Shepherd University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance executive with experience in high tech, real estate and public accounting. Co-founder of regional CPA firm formed in merger of four local practices. Focus on tax and business consulting with emphasis on business planning, modeling, capital formation & sourcing. Board of Directors and Audit Committee Chairman - Jefferson Security Bank. Appointed by Governor Tomblin to the Shepherd University Board of Governors. Appointed by Governors Manchin and Tomblin to the West Virginia School Building Authority (ended term February 2016). President of the Board of the Jefferson County Development Authority. Board of Directors - WV Vision Shared, Shepherd University Foundation and Shepherd University Alumni Association. Specialties: Income Tax, Business Consulting, Business Planning, Financial Modeling, Capital Formation, Venture Capital & Angel Investment, High Tech, Real Estate Development, Financial Institution Relations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Member Company Name Ours Lawyer Lewis & Co, PLLC Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Full service certified public accounting & consulting firm with offices in Martinsburg and Charles Town, WV serving clients in West Virginia, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, DC and beyond. Member, Board of Governors Company Name Shepherd University Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Shepherdstown, WV Board of Directors Company Name Jefferson Security Bank Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 3 mos Executive Director Company Name Walker Ventures Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs CFO Company Name Butterfly.Net, Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Shepherd University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 38 endorsements for Finance 38 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Shepherd University Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 32 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 32 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Shepherd University Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 28 endorsements for Financial Modeling 28 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 3 of Eric’s colleagues at Shepherd University Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests YHB (Yount, Hyde & Barbour, P.C.) 1,345 followers Shepherd University 12,638 followers YHB Alumni 10 members Shepherd University 12,250 followers
More Actions Brian E. has a account Brian E. Palisin, CPA, MT Principal at Skoda Minotti Skoda Minotti The University of Akron Euclid, Ohio 52 52 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Skoda Minotti Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Cleveland, Ohio Associate Director, Tax Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Cleveland, Ohio Controller Company Name Hospitality Restaurants Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Rocky River, Ohio Senior Associate Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Solon, Ohio Education The University of Akron Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Dyke College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Cheryl Lanese and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Cheryl Lanese and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 4 endorsements for Tax Accounting 4 Tax Accounting Cheryl Lanese and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Akron 105,698 followers The University of Akron 108,775 followers Skoda Minotti 2,028 followers BDO USA, LLP 47,374 followers
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Cunningham, CPA Tax planning and compliance, Reporting and Analysis, Numbers and Know how Fiscal Logistics Stevens Institute of Technology Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Proven tax professional who advises, guides and helps companies from multi-nationals to one office start ups save time, save money, worry less about their tax, accounting and financial reporting. Highlights Follow Follow Anthony’s Articles & Activity 799 followers What grows in your garden? Anthony Cunningham, CPA on LinkedIn See 7 more articles It’s PwC Promotion Day! Get in on the fun as we celebrate everyone making a career milestone today! http://bit.ly/2qwW92r Follow PwC_LLP on Snapchat to see what all the fun is about! #PwCPromotionDay pwc.to/snapchat Anthony liked Here Are the 16 Most Innovative Countries in the World, Ranked | Anthony shared this Future of tax tax function will be very different Anthony liked See all activity Experience Tax Strategist Company Name Fiscal Logistics Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater New York City Area Numbers and know how - chief tax strategist Licensed Certified Public Accountant Company Name A Cunningham CPA Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Present Employment Duration 34 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Do your numbers tell a meaningful story about you and your business?You can count on me as your advisor to listen and recommend ideas and actions that propel you and your business towards success - a coach, a mentor, a sounding board, the trusted professional that sees beyond the bottom line.Whether you are looking for recurring advice and assistance or help with special projects to grow your revenues, to improve your net profits or reduce risks, let's get together. Director, M&A and Advisory Tax Services Company Name Thomson Reuters Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Review and comment on the critical aspects of the tax provisions to ensure materially accurate financial tax reporting for the Professional Group companies- Review purchase accounting to ensure the accurate completion of tax basis balance sheets for acquisitions and the true-up of prior year tax basis balance sheets within the one-year window period to ensure accurate reflection of deferred taxes on the financial statements- Advise and support the operating units within the Professional Group in providing tax advisory services to facilitate tax planning and improve overall tax reporting and compliance. Actively engage with Finance and Business Teams to develop thorough understanding of the business functions including all the dynamics of the transfer pricing and IP management to enhance accurate tax reporting and compliance- Analyze transfer pricing strategies and methodologies for assigned companies to ensure compliance with relevant tax laws and tax planning strategies; develop and model potential back-up alternatives using varying assumptions and methodologies to test the reasonableness of employed methods for the entire US Group- Partner with internal and external team members to effectively engage in major strategic planning initiatives, business and legal entity restructuring transactions, and tax law changes so that the impacts are properly incorporated into the tax reporting processes, tax provision and compliance processes- Perform and coordinate all US tax aspects of acquisitions and divestitures within the Professional Group of companies including due diligence, legal entity structuring, risk assessment and transaction recommendations; communicate with team leader on significant issues for all deals; take the lead in communicating and organizing the work with the indirect tax team, other deal work streams and outside advisors - Develop a tax risk identification and mitigation strategy along with a plan for implementation for the US Group Advisor, Consultant and Tax Director Company Name FXall Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area - Prepare, review and file over 225 US and non US tax filings for the Company to ensure its compliance with the federal, state and local regulations in the 20 jurisdictions where monthly, quarterly or annual tax filings were required- Develop and comply with the newly established nine key controls identified and set for the tax function to adopt industry practices and controls to manage legal, operational and technology risk for the business - Respond to document requests from tax authorities and meet their established deadlines while accelerating the audit cycle time by 30 percent through limiting waivers and statute extensions when practical- Collaborate consistently with sales, finance, development and QA teams to streamline data gathering and documentation for key tax calculations including transfer pricing, R&D credit and the G/L tax map; efficiencies and automation of tax functions yielded savings of approximately 250K per year- Perform tax due diligence for acquisitions and divestitures including the $650 million sale of Company to Thomson Reuters Media (2) This position has 2 media fxallLogo fxallLogo This media is an image FXall - The leading independent electronic trading platform for institutions FXall - The leading independent electronic trading platform for institutions This media is a link Outsourcing Director Company Name Action Staffing Services, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2001 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area - Locate talented accounting and tax professionals to match with challenging and dynamic organizations seeking short or long term solutions to their tax, accounting and financial needs- Design and implement improved systems to accumulate and report financial reporting for statutory, management or financial accounting purposes See more positions Education Stevens Institute of Technology Degree Name MS Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Resident Advisor - Denton Community, Beta Alpha Psi - National Accounting Honors Fraternity Volunteer Experience Lunch Time Ministry Volunteer Company Name Saint Matthew Trinity Lutheran Church Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 2 mos Cause Social Services Four mornings a week, St. Matthew Trinity’s Parish Hall in Hoboken New Jersey becomes an oasis for those who need a nourishing meal and a place to sit with friends. Supported by donations and staffed by volunteers, the Lunch Time Ministry provides food and a welcome to 25-75 guests each day it is open. During my time with the Lunch Time Ministry I have contributed my time in talents in various areas including inventory control, food production and serving, guest relations and peer to peer mentoring. This has been a great opportunity to help those neighbors who often go unnoticed in our community. Tax Advisor Company Name The Waterfront Project, Inc. Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action As the volunteer Tax Advisor for the Waterfront Project, Inc. I work closely with the Executive Director and the Board to prepare and file complete and accurate tax filings that reflect the organizations exempt purpose and major accomplishments during the reporting period. As a qualified tax exempt, charitable organization, this document and filing becomes a public document that is on file with the Internal Revenue Service.The Waterfront Project, Inc is a legal center that provides free legal representation, assistance and advocacy to the poor, homeless and disenfranchised of Hudson County. It has served the community since 2013 as an independent 501 (c)(3) corporation. Board Member and Corporate Secretary Company Name TRUE Mentors Dates volunteered Jun 2011 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children True Relationships Unearth Excellence I serve with a great group of volunteers and professionals who work diligently to improve the lives of young people in Hudson County New Jersey. True Mentors is the only 1 to 1 mentoring program in the area and offers a range of programing to help young people discover their talents and passions. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 65 endorsements for Accounting 65 Accounting Endorsed by Anthony Pane and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 63 endorsements for Tax 63 Tax Endorsed by Mary K. Rosano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 58 endorsements for Finance 58 Finance Endorsed by John Finneran and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) William O'Brien Chief Lending Officer at Primary Care Development Corporation March 31, 2010, William worked with Anthony in different groups I've worked with Tony at two firms and his value as a source of advice and guidance on accounting issues is excellent. He consistantly demonstrated quick understanding of complex issues, maintained patience when it came to explaining accounting rules to lay people, and was willing to step up to whatever challenge came his way. A great team player. Robert DiIorio Accounting | Auditing | Internal Controls | GAAP | Financial Accounting | Forecasting | Budgets | Account Reconciliation July 17, 2009, Robert reported directly to Anthony I really enjoyed working with and getting to know Tony. He is a great person to work with due to his calm, but very focused demeanor. Tony is knowledgeable and well versed in accounting topics. He always stays cool in highly stressful situations. During my internship he was an excellent manager and mentor. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Olga Sutin Tax Supervisor at O'Connor Davies, LLP July 11, 2012, Anthony managed Olga directly Olga was a valuable member of our client service team. Her unbelievably strong work ethic and attentive scrutiny of client data allowed us to sort through volumes of information and produce accurate reports and filings for our diverse client base.Over the years with us she progressed from basic accounting and administrative functions to more challenging work in tax compliance and financial reporting functions. She successfully interfaced with many clients including wealthy individuals and small business clients. With her strong technical skills and excellent academic credentials, she continued to progress with us. When an opportunity arose for her to gain experience with a large "big four" firm, it was hard to see her go.I enjoyed working with her and enjoy catching up with her through out the year. Mory Thomas Director, Culinary Development, Food Network March 31, 2012, Mory worked with Anthony in the same group Mory and a core group of community members have been instrumental in organizing, forming and building the Washington Park Association of Hudson County ("WPA").As President of the association, Mory consistently demonstrates passion and follow through that have helped grow the group from zero to over 40 active members that serve the neighborhood and local residents. He's not only creative and artistic but also organized and disciplined - a rare combo, and I believe a key reason for his success. I've enjoyed serving with Mory on the WPA Board and look forward to continuing this association as WPA expands in the future. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anthony has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Emergency Medical Technician Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant Anthony has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Installment Sales - From financing to deferrals Statistics Strategic Management Anthony has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Anthony has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Anthony has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Tax Map Interests Lucas Group 66,522 followers THOMSON REUTERS 33,490 members Tax Foundation 1,807 followers New Jersey Society of CPAs 1,120 followers Tremor Video 6,409 followers AccountantsWorld 33,569 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kamail has a account Kamail Hussain, CPA, CA Senior Associate at PwC Canada PwC Carleton University Canada 290 290 connections Send InMail Kamail is currently working with the Risk Assurance Services group at PwC. Previously, he was with the Audit & Assurance group at Collins Barrow. His role with Collins Barrow involved completing audit, review, and compilation engagements for clients in various industries. Kamail also has hands on experience in completing personal, corporate and charity tax returns. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Staff Accountant, Audit & Assurance Company Name Collins Barrow Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Ottawa, Canada Area Education Carleton University Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Comm.), Highest Honours Field Of Study Accounting & International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Sport Business Students Association (SBSS), Sprott Accounting Students Association (SASA), Muslim Students Association (MSA) Cedarbrae C.I. Activities and Societies: Football, Cricket and Rugby Ontario Scholar Recipient of Queen Elizabeth II Aiming for the top Scholarship Volunteer Experience Tax Clinic Volunteer Company Name Sprott Accounting Students Assocation (SASA) Dates volunteered Apr 2011 – Apr 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo • Received training from the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) on tax preparation.• Completed income tax returns for students and individuals that live in the community.• Assisted in educating individuals about the benefits of completing income tax returns. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Sana Qazilbash, CPA, CA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kamail’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Endorsed by 3 of Kamail’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Kamail’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests PwC 1,356,135 followers National Football League (NFL) 123,354 followers Deloitte Canada 73,624 followers CPA, CA Students - CA firm Job Opportunities 2,156 members Google 4,938,017 followers The Ottawa Hospital 9,312 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diana has a account Diana Ung, CPA Tax Manager at Riot Games Riot Games University of California, Los Angeles Greater Los Angeles Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Tax Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Tax Intern Company Name Mayotte Management Group, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Accounts Receivable Company Name Lions Gate Films Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 8 mos Education University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name B.S & B.A Field Of Study Mathematics - Applied Science Mangement and Accounting (B.S.) & Economics (B.A) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Student Accounting Society Volunteer Experience Committee/Volunteer Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Linda Weng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 13 endorsements for Tax Accounting 13 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Maria Chan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Diana’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Diana has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,179 members University of California, Los Angeles 479,078 followers Blizzard Entertainment 208,282 followers Riot Games 107,061 followers University of California, Los Angeles 512,872 followers
More Actions Jared has a account Jared Brandner Tax at Crowe Horwath LLP Crowe Horwath LLP Regis University Chicago, Illinois 171 171 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Tax Accountant Company Name The Anschutz Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Denver Area • Prepares S Corporation, C Corporation, Partnership, and Sales and Use Tax Returns• Responsible for the maintenance and development of tax schedules, including tax basis for fixed assets, tax depreciation, gain/loss calculations, deferral, and tax credit calculations• Successfully assists with outsourcing returns to Deloitte and KPMG as well as preparing PBC documents including VAT workpapers and invoices• Prepares property tax renditions and work papers reconciling with assessments• Contributing member of an eight person tax department team working on a wide variety of entities with an emphasis on entertainment, media, and energy General Manager Company Name KRCX Regis University Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs • Managed the station, overseeing the work of 10 employees and 16 volunteers.• Organized and led weekly meetings to ensure goals were met. • Planned and executed events, to include managing the funds. • Maintained on-air schedule and updated KRCX website Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Company Name Regis University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Denver •Aided students, elderly, and less fortunate with taxes.•Teamed up with other volunteers using the program Taxwise to complete tax forms. Music Director Company Name KRCX Regis University Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Denver Area •Determined playlist for assigned on-air time. •Recorded weekly charts and communicated with promoters.•Conducted on-air interviews with bands and wrote online concert reviews. Education Regis University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Clint Williams and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Clint Williams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Clint Williams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Regis University 58,042 followers Regis University 59,970 followers The Anschutz Corporation 1,165 followers Crowe Horwath LLP 39,020 followers
More Actions Brian E. has a account Brian E. Palisin, CPA, MT Principal at Skoda Minotti Skoda Minotti The University of Akron Euclid, Ohio 52 52 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Skoda Minotti Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Cleveland, Ohio Associate Director, Tax Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Cleveland, Ohio Controller Company Name Hospitality Restaurants Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Rocky River, Ohio Senior Associate Company Name SS&G Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Solon, Ohio Education The University of Akron Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Dyke College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Cheryl Lanese and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Cheryl Lanese and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 4 endorsements for Tax Accounting 4 Tax Accounting Cheryl Lanese and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Akron 105,698 followers BDO USA, LLP 47,374 followers The University of Akron 108,775 followers Skoda Minotti 2,028 followers
More Actions Martha has a account Martha Ruiz Senior tax accountant MF & Associates CPA Pa University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 66 66 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name MF & Associates CPA Pa Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dadeland, Miami, FL Senior Accountant Company Name Appelrouth, Farah & Co., P.A. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Coral gables, Fl Senior tax accountant Company Name Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media Kabat - Schertzer - De La Torre - Taraboulos & Company Kabat - Schertzer - De La Torre - Taraboulos & Company This media is a link Senior tax accountant Company Name Sanson, Kline, Jacomino, Tandoc & Gamarra, LLP Dates Employed May 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Tax Accountant Company Name Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Dates Employed 2008 – 2008 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Saint Thomas - School of Business Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 7 endorsements for QuickBooks 7 QuickBooks Endorsed by Margarita Pastora, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Martha’s colleagues at Kabat, Schertzer, De La Torre, Taraboulos & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hernandez & Company, CPAs 2,180 followers KPMG US 455,535 followers CPA Trendlines 51,717 members Steelbridge LLC 131 followers Lennar 36,291 followers Sanson Kline Jacomino Tandoc & Gamarra, LLP 62 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Chacanias nick chacanias York, Pennsylvania 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Nina has a account Nina Wang, CPA International Tax Manager at Clayton & McKervey, P.C. Clayton & McKervey, P.C. Bernard M. Baruch College of Business Greater Detroit Area 365 365 connections Send InMail Dedicated CPA certified in Michigan and New York in providing accounting, tax and consulting services to growth-driven, privately held companies that compete in the global marketplace. Expertise in performing the attest services, including review and compilation of financial statements, the filing of federal and multi-state income tax returns for corporations, partnerships and individuals, assisting clients in month-end/year-end closings, financial statements preparation and tax plannings. Proficient in Mandarin; fluent in Fujianese. Specialties: Attest services: Audit, review and compilation. the U.S. tax consultation. Write-up services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Nina’s Activity 365 followers Common GAAP Violations are easy to make, but can be detrimental to business. To help avoid some of these costly mistakes, C&M Shareholder, Kevin Johns, CPA, has composed a list of the five most common GAAP violations routinely uncovered when we begin working with a new client. See the full list here: http://tiny.cc/l8inly Nina shared this A bill was passed yesterday giving late filers a second bite at the apple to file their Eligible Manufacturing Personal Property (EMPP) Tax exemption claim. For more information, see the full post by Margaret Amsden, CPA, MST: http://tiny.cc/7tuely Nina shared this Invitation: CFO/Controller Roundtable Nina shared this See all activity Experience International Tax Manager Company Name Clayton & McKervey, P.C. Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Southfield, MI Engagement executive Company Name Clayton & McKervey, P.C. Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Detroit Area - Provides accounting, tax, and consulting services to international inbound clients in all areas including business start up services, compiled and reviewed financial statements, tax planning and tax return filings. - Supervises and instructs Staff Accountants, including reviewing their work products, overseeing their schedules, providing feedbacks and annual performance plans. - Assists clients with their month/quarter/year end closings and provides financial reports and related schedules to foreign parent companies or outside auditors.- Conducts research of technical matters. Semi-senior Staff Accountant Company Name ERE, LLP (currently as MBAF CPAs, LLC) Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Specialized in providing attest services to real estates, non-profit organizations, consulting firms, and a couple of manufacturing companies, including audit, review and compilations. Responsibilities include engagement planning, attest procedures implementation and supervised staff accountants during the fieldwork.- Prepared/reviewed federal and multi-state tax returns for corporations, partnerships and non-profit organizations.- Worked as a consultant to assist a non-profit organization that had 33 chapters to prepare its consolidated financial statements and audit package for its external auditors.- Assisted bookkeepers in preparing year-end adjusting journal entries. Staff Accountant Company Name NYC Mission Society Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Part-time, approximately 12 hours per week- Responsible for accounts payable, recording of cash receipts and assistance in payroll processing.- Maintained fixed asset and depreciation schedules.- Posted monthly journal entries.- Assisted in year-end audit package preparation and annual 1099s. Staff Accountant Company Name Fresh Air Fund Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Part-time, approximately 15 hours per week- Processed accounts payable in accordance with established procedures and controls. Accountable for timeliness and accuracy of all accounts payable, expenses tracking and reconciliation.- Posted daily cash receipts to general ledger; performed bank account and general ledger reconciliations. Education Bernard M. Baruch College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Children Sunday Bible School Worship Leader Company Name Metro Detroit Chinese Christian & Missionary Alliance Church Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 22 endorsements for Accounting 22 Accounting Endorsed by Katrina Bray and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Nina’s colleagues at Clayton & McKervey Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 10 endorsements for Auditing 10 Auditing Endorsed by Carlos Calderon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nina’s colleagues at Clayton & McKervey Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 6 endorsements for Financial Statements 6 Financial Statements Endorsed by 3 of Nina’s colleagues at Clayton & McKervey Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nina has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Fujiannese Mandarin Nina has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Have Accrued Wages or Bonuses? Beware of IRC §409A Making Payments to a Foreign Person Top 5 Questions about the Foreign Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Interests Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members Baruch College Percy Ellis Sutton SEEK Program 61 members Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,707 members Detroit Chinese Business Association (DCBA) 327 members The Wall Street Journal 2,530,583 followers Accounting & Audit 155,095 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Forrey Tax Director at Boise Cascade Company Boise Cascade Company Boise State University Boise, Idaho Area 164 164 connections Send InMail CPA with more than 15 years of experience in a multitude of roles within the corporate tax environment and public accounting. Areas of emphasis include: State Income Tax; State Indirect Tax; Credits and Incentives; Governmental Affairs; Federal Income Tax Compliance; Tax Controversies; Tax Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Director Company Name Boise Cascade Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Tax Director Company Name Packaging Corporation of America Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area Director responsible for state income, sales and use, property, and international taxes as well as governmental affairs, credits and incentives. Manager, Income Tax Audits Company Name Boise Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Primary function is to manage income tax audits for both Boise Inc. and its subsidiaries as well as Boise Cascade Holdings, LLC and its associated entities.Focus on federal income tax compliance issues including energy tax credits, jobs credits, fixed asset management, as well as topical research. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Ripley Doorn & Co., PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1999 – May 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Education Boise State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Accountancy, Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Boise State University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by Conrad Anderson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 7 endorsements for Income Tax 7 Income Tax Endorsed by 4 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills PeopleSoft See 3 endorsements for PeopleSoft 3 PeopleSoft Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christopher has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Global Management Accountant Interests KPMG 595,525 followers EY 1,748,733 followers Council On State Taxation 1,918 followers Boise State University 85,097 followers Boise Paper 5,221 followers Deloitte 2,201,906 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Collins Senor Account Executive - NewTech Automotive Services NewTech Automotive Services Northwood University Lapeer, Michigan 50 50 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Consultant Company Name NewTech Automotive Services Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Sales NewTech Automotive Services Management for Process Improvement Consulting Salesman Company Name Randy Wise Chevrolet Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Sold new and used vehicles. Internet manager Salesman Company Name Grand Blanc Motorcars Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Sold new and used vehicles. Education Northwood University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study ESPM Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Lapeer West High Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 1 endorsement for Project Management 1 Project Management Doug Laukonis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 1 endorsement for Strategic Planning 1 Strategic Planning Doug Laukonis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automotive See 1 endorsement for Automotive 1 Automotive Doug Laukonis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Northwood University 38,906 followers Northwood University 37,918 followers
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Cunningham, CPA Tax planning and compliance, Reporting and Analysis, Numbers and Know how Fiscal Logistics Stevens Institute of Technology Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Proven tax professional who advises, guides and helps companies from multi-nationals to one office start ups save time, save money, worry less about their tax, accounting and financial reporting. Highlights Follow Follow Anthony’s Articles & Activity 799 followers What grows in your garden? Anthony Cunningham, CPA on LinkedIn See 7 more articles It’s PwC Promotion Day! Get in on the fun as we celebrate everyone making a career milestone today! http://bit.ly/2qwW92r Follow PwC_LLP on Snapchat to see what all the fun is about! #PwCPromotionDay pwc.to/snapchat Anthony liked Here Are the 16 Most Innovative Countries in the World, Ranked | Anthony shared this Future of tax tax function will be very different Anthony liked See all activity Experience Tax Strategist Company Name Fiscal Logistics Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater New York City Area Numbers and know how - chief tax strategist Licensed Certified Public Accountant Company Name A Cunningham CPA Dates Employed Jan 1983 – Present Employment Duration 34 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Do your numbers tell a meaningful story about you and your business?You can count on me as your advisor to listen and recommend ideas and actions that propel you and your business towards success - a coach, a mentor, a sounding board, the trusted professional that sees beyond the bottom line.Whether you are looking for recurring advice and assistance or help with special projects to grow your revenues, to improve your net profits or reduce risks, let's get together. Director, M&A and Advisory Tax Services Company Name Thomson Reuters Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Review and comment on the critical aspects of the tax provisions to ensure materially accurate financial tax reporting for the Professional Group companies- Review purchase accounting to ensure the accurate completion of tax basis balance sheets for acquisitions and the true-up of prior year tax basis balance sheets within the one-year window period to ensure accurate reflection of deferred taxes on the financial statements- Advise and support the operating units within the Professional Group in providing tax advisory services to facilitate tax planning and improve overall tax reporting and compliance. Actively engage with Finance and Business Teams to develop thorough understanding of the business functions including all the dynamics of the transfer pricing and IP management to enhance accurate tax reporting and compliance- Analyze transfer pricing strategies and methodologies for assigned companies to ensure compliance with relevant tax laws and tax planning strategies; develop and model potential back-up alternatives using varying assumptions and methodologies to test the reasonableness of employed methods for the entire US Group- Partner with internal and external team members to effectively engage in major strategic planning initiatives, business and legal entity restructuring transactions, and tax law changes so that the impacts are properly incorporated into the tax reporting processes, tax provision and compliance processes- Perform and coordinate all US tax aspects of acquisitions and divestitures within the Professional Group of companies including due diligence, legal entity structuring, risk assessment and transaction recommendations; communicate with team leader on significant issues for all deals; take the lead in communicating and organizing the work with the indirect tax team, other deal work streams and outside advisors - Develop a tax risk identification and mitigation strategy along with a plan for implementation for the US Group Advisor, Consultant and Tax Director Company Name FXall Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area - Prepare, review and file over 225 US and non US tax filings for the Company to ensure its compliance with the federal, state and local regulations in the 20 jurisdictions where monthly, quarterly or annual tax filings were required- Develop and comply with the newly established nine key controls identified and set for the tax function to adopt industry practices and controls to manage legal, operational and technology risk for the business - Respond to document requests from tax authorities and meet their established deadlines while accelerating the audit cycle time by 30 percent through limiting waivers and statute extensions when practical- Collaborate consistently with sales, finance, development and QA teams to streamline data gathering and documentation for key tax calculations including transfer pricing, R&D credit and the G/L tax map; efficiencies and automation of tax functions yielded savings of approximately 250K per year- Perform tax due diligence for acquisitions and divestitures including the $650 million sale of Company to Thomson Reuters Media (2) This position has 2 media fxallLogo fxallLogo This media is an image FXall - The leading independent electronic trading platform for institutions FXall - The leading independent electronic trading platform for institutions This media is a link Outsourcing Director Company Name Action Staffing Services, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2001 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area - Locate talented accounting and tax professionals to match with challenging and dynamic organizations seeking short or long term solutions to their tax, accounting and financial needs- Design and implement improved systems to accumulate and report financial reporting for statutory, management or financial accounting purposes See more positions Education Stevens Institute of Technology Degree Name MS Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Resident Advisor - Denton Community, Beta Alpha Psi - National Accounting Honors Fraternity Volunteer Experience Lunch Time Ministry Volunteer Company Name Saint Matthew Trinity Lutheran Church Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 2 mos Cause Social Services Four mornings a week, St. Matthew Trinity’s Parish Hall in Hoboken New Jersey becomes an oasis for those who need a nourishing meal and a place to sit with friends. Supported by donations and staffed by volunteers, the Lunch Time Ministry provides food and a welcome to 25-75 guests each day it is open. During my time with the Lunch Time Ministry I have contributed my time in talents in various areas including inventory control, food production and serving, guest relations and peer to peer mentoring. This has been a great opportunity to help those neighbors who often go unnoticed in our community. Tax Advisor Company Name The Waterfront Project, Inc. Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action As the volunteer Tax Advisor for the Waterfront Project, Inc. I work closely with the Executive Director and the Board to prepare and file complete and accurate tax filings that reflect the organizations exempt purpose and major accomplishments during the reporting period. As a qualified tax exempt, charitable organization, this document and filing becomes a public document that is on file with the Internal Revenue Service.The Waterfront Project, Inc is a legal center that provides free legal representation, assistance and advocacy to the poor, homeless and disenfranchised of Hudson County. It has served the community since 2013 as an independent 501 (c)(3) corporation. Board Member and Corporate Secretary Company Name TRUE Mentors Dates volunteered Jun 2011 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children True Relationships Unearth Excellence I serve with a great group of volunteers and professionals who work diligently to improve the lives of young people in Hudson County New Jersey. True Mentors is the only 1 to 1 mentoring program in the area and offers a range of programing to help young people discover their talents and passions. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 65 endorsements for Accounting 65 Accounting Endorsed by Anthony Pane and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 63 endorsements for Tax 63 Tax Endorsed by Mary K. Rosano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 58 endorsements for Finance 58 Finance Endorsed by John Finneran and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Anthony’s colleagues at Thomson Reuters Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) William O'Brien Chief Lending Officer at Primary Care Development Corporation March 31, 2010, William worked with Anthony in different groups I've worked with Tony at two firms and his value as a source of advice and guidance on accounting issues is excellent. He consistantly demonstrated quick understanding of complex issues, maintained patience when it came to explaining accounting rules to lay people, and was willing to step up to whatever challenge came his way. A great team player. Robert DiIorio Accounting | Auditing | Internal Controls | GAAP | Financial Accounting | Forecasting | Budgets | Account Reconciliation July 17, 2009, Robert reported directly to Anthony I really enjoyed working with and getting to know Tony. He is a great person to work with due to his calm, but very focused demeanor. Tony is knowledgeable and well versed in accounting topics. He always stays cool in highly stressful situations. During my internship he was an excellent manager and mentor. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Olga Sutin Tax Supervisor at O'Connor Davies, LLP July 11, 2012, Anthony managed Olga directly Olga was a valuable member of our client service team. Her unbelievably strong work ethic and attentive scrutiny of client data allowed us to sort through volumes of information and produce accurate reports and filings for our diverse client base.Over the years with us she progressed from basic accounting and administrative functions to more challenging work in tax compliance and financial reporting functions. She successfully interfaced with many clients including wealthy individuals and small business clients. With her strong technical skills and excellent academic credentials, she continued to progress with us. When an opportunity arose for her to gain experience with a large "big four" firm, it was hard to see her go.I enjoyed working with her and enjoy catching up with her through out the year. Mory Thomas Director, Culinary Development, Food Network March 31, 2012, Mory worked with Anthony in the same group Mory and a core group of community members have been instrumental in organizing, forming and building the Washington Park Association of Hudson County ("WPA").As President of the association, Mory consistently demonstrates passion and follow through that have helped grow the group from zero to over 40 active members that serve the neighborhood and local residents. He's not only creative and artistic but also organized and disciplined - a rare combo, and I believe a key reason for his success. I've enjoyed serving with Mory on the WPA Board and look forward to continuing this association as WPA expands in the future. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anthony has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Emergency Medical Technician Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant Anthony has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Installment Sales - From financing to deferrals Statistics Strategic Management Anthony has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Anthony has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Anthony has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Tax Map Interests Netfast Technology Solutions, Inc. 962 followers PNC 118,384 followers Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE 6,282 followers Bizminer 21 followers BAE Systems Applied Intelligence 44,297 followers Industrial U.I. Services 35 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark E. has a account Mark E. Burling CPA CPA Burling Consultants, LLC University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Sarasota, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Mark is a CPA with over twenty years of professional and management experience. Extensive experience with the U.S. tax implications of international inbound and outbound transactions, international executive income tax programs, owner managed businesses, C corporations, S Corporations and partnerships. Prior to establishing his own firm, Mark had worked at Batchelor, Tillery & Roberts, LLP since 2007. Mark is a member in good standing of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the North Carolina Association of Certified Public Accountants. Mark is currently the finance representative for the Gleneagles Community Association. He is the past President of the Ravenstone Homeowners Association and previously served as the Treasurer. He also served as board member and Treasurer for the Emerson Waldorf School in Chapel Hill. Specialties: Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor, small business accounting and income tax services. Also experienced in the application of FAS 109, FIN 48 and SEC income tax reporting requirements for public companies. Other areas of expertise include manufacturing, real estate, private equity firms, not for profit organizations and issues related to start up companies. Mark has completed certifications for QuickBooks 2011, 2012 & 2013, QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions v11 and QuickBooks Point of Sale v10. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Burling Consultants, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Sarasota, Florida Area Provides accounting and tax services to owner managed businesses operating as C corporations, S Corporations, partnerships and single-member LLCs as well as private individual income tax services. Senior Manager, Tax Company Name Batchelor, Tillery & Roberts, LLP Dates Employed 2007 – 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior Manager, Tax Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Market Manager Company Name IBM Dates Employed 1999 – 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs Financial Analyst, Special Projects Company Name Investors Management Corporation Dates Employed 1992 – 1999 Employment Duration 7 yrs See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Ithaca College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Lansing High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 105 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Darrin T. Mish Tampa IRS Tax Attorney, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark E.’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 89 endorsements for Income Tax 89 Income Tax Endorsed by 2 of Mark E.’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 86 endorsements for Accounting 86 Accounting Endorsed by David Akins, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark E.’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (6) Becky Brantner Creative Professional August 6, 2015, Becky was a client of Mark E.’s Mark is exceptionally easy to work with as well as a pleasure to work with. He is very timely with information and details. He educates in a way that helps you understand your business and tax relationships better. I highly recommend Mark to any business that is looking for an outstanding CPA. Sean McNulty Contract Support Specialist at Lochner January 28, 2014, Sean was a client of Mark E.’s Mark is a superb tax professional. He did our business taxes quickly and professionally, and was transparent in his adjustments and recommendations. Not only did I get my business taxes done, I learned a lot simply by conversing with him. Overall, he is a personable and knowledgeable professional, and I would highly recommend using him for any tax services you need. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Larry J. Rifkin Law of Attraction Master Life Coach May 16, 2013, Larry J. was a client of Mark E.’s I highly recommend Larry for his diligence, positive energy and vision that was the force behind the creation of The Amazing Universe Broadcasting Company. He is genuinely concerned with making a positive impact in our broadcast media as a counterbalance to negativity currently being distributed by the mainstream media conglomerates. Steven J. Husak CEO at Continents Apart, representing over 100,000 SKUs for manufacturers to eCommerce retailers January 24, 2013, Mark E. worked with Steven J. but at different companies Steven is a terrific resource for the Sarasota business community. His efforts through hosting SPAN and SPAN After Hours to provide a forum to generate true referrals for businesses to individuals and businesses to businesses is priceless. If you can't make it to the weekly Tuesday or Thursday meetings make sure to sign up for SPAN Afrter Hours that meets the third Thursday of every month. You won't regret it! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Mark E. has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor Interests Ithaca College 50,163 followers Financial Services in America 161 members Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,997 members A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members Certified Public Accountant Resource Center 419 members CPA Sole Practitioners and CPA Small Firms 9,962 members See all See all following
More Actions Randy & Nancy has a account Randy & Nancy O'Neill & O'Neill, CPA'S CPA at O'Neill & O'Neill, CPA'S O'Neill & O'Neill, CPA'S Westford, Massachusetts 25 25 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CPA Company Name O'Neill & O'Neill, CPA'S Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Lusby Senior Tax Accountant Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Ball State University - College of Business Fishers, Indiana 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Corporate Tax Accountant Company Name hhgregg Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Clifton Gunderson LLP Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Tax Senior Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Supervisor Company Name Somerset CPAs, P.C. Dates Employed 1997 – 2002 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Ball State University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 24 endorsements for Tax 24 Tax Endorsed by Paul Roth, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 21 endorsements for Corporate Tax 21 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 20 endorsements for Tax Preparation 20 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Paul Roth, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jennifer has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Somerset CPAs, P.C. 1,140 followers Ball State University - Miller College of Business 18,082 followers Guggenheim Partners 25,249 followers A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members Ball State University - Miller College of Business 18,023 followers Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company 535 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hieu has a account Hieu Tran, CPA Corporate Senior Financial Accountant at Devon Energy Devon Energy Oklahoma City University Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 282 282 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Corporate Senior Financial Accountant Company Name Devon Energy Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Senior Analyst - Financial Planning & Analysis Company Name LSB Industries, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Assurance Associate II Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Tax Accounting & Financial Reporting Company Name Love's Travel Stops Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Education Oklahoma City University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Rob Hutchinson, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at LSB Industries, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Assurance See 7 endorsements for Assurance 7 Assurance Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Pete Richie, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at LSB Industries, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hieu has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Hieu has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award OSCPA Silver Medal Award Hieu has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Vietnamese Interests Love's Travel Stops 11,599 followers CF Industries 14,060 followers Oklahoma City University 22,046 followers Devon Energy 145,706 followers EY 1,748,732 followers Oklahoma City University 23,270 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jose has a account Jose Delgado, EA Accountant/ I.R.S. Enrolled Agent at Omega Tax Services & Finance Solutions Omega Tax services & Finance solutions Laguardia Community College Woodhaven, New York 177 177 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience ACCOUNTANT/ IRS ENROLLED AGENT Company Name Omega Tax services & Finance solutions Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 8 mos An Enrolled Agents (EA) is an USA tax professional subject to ethical and professional standards who have demonstrated before the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), have knowledge of the laws and tax rules either to prepare taxes and/or represent taxpayers before the IRS. Clerk Company Name Victor Pizarro, Esq Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Assistant for a law firm specializing in immigration Education Laguardia Community College Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Universidad Dominicana O&M Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Deodat S Singh CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 20 endorsements for QuickBooks 20 QuickBooks Endorsed by Edward Reynoso, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 19 endorsements for Accounting 19 Accounting Paul D'Angelo and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jose has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Bachelor degree in computer science Jose has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Spanish Interests Hispanic Professionals 27,022 members LaGuardia Community College 26,004 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members EPS Financial 1,387 followers The Official NAEA Group 5,360 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Petersen Certified Public Accountant at Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC University of Denver - Daniels College of Business Greater Denver Area 218 218 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Seigneur Gustafson LLP Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Certified Public Accountant Company Name Gregory & Associates, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 12 mos Tax Manager Company Name Olson, Reyes & Sauerwein, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax Manager Company Name EKS&H Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education University of Denver - Daniels College of Business Degree Name MT Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 University of Colorado Denver Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 12 endorsements for CPA 12 CPA Endorsed by Mary Gallagher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Mary Gallagher, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at EKS&H LLLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 7 endorsements for Tax Research 7 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Amy’s colleagues at EKS&H LLLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 18,619 followers University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 19,513 followers University of Colorado Denver 80,768 followers University of Colorado Denver 87,496 followers
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Forrey Tax Director at Boise Cascade Company Boise Cascade Company Boise State University Boise, Idaho Area 164 164 connections Send InMail CPA with more than 15 years of experience in a multitude of roles within the corporate tax environment and public accounting. Areas of emphasis include: State Income Tax; State Indirect Tax; Credits and Incentives; Governmental Affairs; Federal Income Tax Compliance; Tax Controversies; Tax Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Director Company Name Boise Cascade Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Tax Director Company Name Packaging Corporation of America Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area Director responsible for state income, sales and use, property, and international taxes as well as governmental affairs, credits and incentives. Manager, Income Tax Audits Company Name Boise Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Primary function is to manage income tax audits for both Boise Inc. and its subsidiaries as well as Boise Cascade Holdings, LLC and its associated entities.Focus on federal income tax compliance issues including energy tax credits, jobs credits, fixed asset management, as well as topical research. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Ripley Doorn & Co., PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1999 – May 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Education Boise State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Accountancy, Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Boise State University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by Conrad Anderson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 7 endorsements for Income Tax 7 Income Tax Endorsed by 4 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills PeopleSoft See 3 endorsements for PeopleSoft 3 PeopleSoft Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Boise Cascade Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christopher has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Global Management Accountant Interests Boise State University 80,078 followers Deloitte 2,201,907 followers Packaging Corporation of America 14,758 followers Boise Paper 5,221 followers Boise State College of Business and Economics Students and Alumni 2,115 members EY 1,748,732 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Lusby Senior Tax Accountant Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Ball State University - College of Business Fishers, Indiana 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Corporate Tax Accountant Company Name hhgregg Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Clifton Gunderson LLP Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Tax Senior Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Supervisor Company Name Somerset CPAs, P.C. Dates Employed 1997 – 2002 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Ball State University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 24 endorsements for Tax 24 Tax Endorsed by Paul Roth, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 21 endorsements for Corporate Tax 21 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Guggenheim Life and Annuity Company Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 20 endorsements for Tax Preparation 20 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Paul Roth, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jennifer has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Ball State University - Miller College of Business 18,082 followers EY 1,748,732 followers Ball State University - Miller College of Business 18,023 followers Somerset CPAs, P.C. 1,140 followers Guggenheim Partners 25,249 followers A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members See all See all following
More Actions Jose has a account Jose Delgado, EA Accountant/ I.R.S. Enrolled Agent at Omega Tax Services & Finance Solutions Omega Tax services & Finance solutions Laguardia Community College Woodhaven, New York 177 177 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience ACCOUNTANT/ IRS ENROLLED AGENT Company Name Omega Tax services & Finance solutions Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 8 mos An Enrolled Agents (EA) is an USA tax professional subject to ethical and professional standards who have demonstrated before the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), have knowledge of the laws and tax rules either to prepare taxes and/or represent taxpayers before the IRS. Clerk Company Name Victor Pizarro, Esq Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Assistant for a law firm specializing in immigration Education Laguardia Community College Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Universidad Dominicana O&M Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Deodat S Singh CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 20 endorsements for QuickBooks 20 QuickBooks Endorsed by Edward Reynoso, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 19 endorsements for Accounting 19 Accounting Paul D'Angelo and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jose has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Bachelor degree in computer science Jose has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Spanish Interests LaGuardia Community College 27,807 followers Federal Transit Administration 2,760 followers The Official NAEA Group 5,360 members Amazon UK 63,175 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members Universidad Dominicana O&M 15,743 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hieu has a account Hieu Tran, CPA Corporate Senior Financial Accountant at Devon Energy Devon Energy Oklahoma City University Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 282 282 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Corporate Senior Financial Accountant Company Name Devon Energy Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Senior Analyst - Financial Planning & Analysis Company Name LSB Industries, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Assurance Associate II Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Tax Accounting & Financial Reporting Company Name Love's Travel Stops Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area Education Oklahoma City University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Rob Hutchinson, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at LSB Industries, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Assurance See 7 endorsements for Assurance 7 Assurance Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Pete Richie, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hieu’s colleagues at LSB Industries, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hieu has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Hieu has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award OSCPA Silver Medal Award Hieu has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Vietnamese Interests Devon Energy 145,706 followers EY 1,748,732 followers LSB Industries, Inc. 783 followers Oklahoma City University 23,270 followers Love's Travel Stops 11,599 followers Oklahoma City University 22,046 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Mueller, MAcc, EA, CPA Tax Partner - U.S. & International Taxation - Taxpayer Advocate - Accounting Professor and Educator Mueller 2020 - Tax Advisors & Visionaries St. Edward's University Austin, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Brian Mueller, MAcc, EA, CPA - Master's of Accounting (MAcc) - Enrolled Agent (EA) (Federal License) - Certified Public Accountant (CPA) (Texas State License) Self-driven, experienced multilingual CPA and dynamic team leader with specialized knowledge on complex U.S. and International Taxation issues, niche expertise on advanced IRS matters, and sophisticated Practice Management skills. Areas of Practice and Expertise - Tax Compliance & Advisory Services: Tax preparation, forensic analysis, review, and advanced planning for Individuals (Federal, State, and International Taxation: Expatriates and Non-Residents), Fiduciaries (Trusts and Estates), Corporations (C-Corps and S-Corps), Flow-through entities (Partnerships: LLPs, LPs; Limited Liability Companies: LLCs, PLLCs), Governmental Taxation (Local and State Sales and Use Tax, Texas Franchise Tax, Payroll Tax) - Tax Litigation & Controversy: Federal (IRS), State (All 50 States), and International (FATCA/FBAR/OVDP/Off-Shore Disclosure) Representation and Resolution, Kovel Accountant, Federal and State Audits & Examinations, IRS & State Settlements, Offers In Compromise (OIC), Installment Agreements (IA), Currently Non Collectible Status (CNC), Penalty Abatements, IRS & State Correspondence, Notices, and Memos - Financial & Managerial Accounting: U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Financial Statement preparation, review, forensic examination, and ratio analysis. - Practice Management and Business Development: Relentless student and researcher of the U.S. and International Tax Preparation, Tax Litigation, and Tax Controversy industries, with a strict focus on client service, billing and profitability, business development and client acquisition, efficiency of operations, effectiveness of processes and procedures, quality controls, and timely delivery of services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Partner Company Name Mueller 2020 - Tax Advisors & Visionaries Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Austin, TX www.mueller2020.comMueller 2020 is a boutique tax advisory and business consulting firm serving individuals, business entities, trusts, estates, and non-profit organizations in the United States, as well as around the world. The firm was founded by a group of Austin, Texas based tax practitioners, who joined forces to develop a powerful, unprecedented suite of advisory services with one goal in mind: To generate long term tangible and intangible value for clients.With offices strategically located in Austin, Texas the Firm utilizes a pro-active, tailor-made approach to serve the tax compliance, planning, and financial affairs of its clients. The Mueller 2020 team of tax professionals and visionaries includes Certified Public Accountants (CPAs), IRS-licensed Enrolled Agents (EAs), attorneys and other advisors with decades of experience in all facets of income tax and business consulting services.Mueller 2020 operates under a unique structure in order to provide its clients with a comprehensive portfolio of value added services. Tax Advisory services are provided by its affiliate firm, Mueller CPA, PLLC a licensed CPA firm in Texas. Business Consulting services are provided by Mueller 2020 professionals, in conjunction with a team of carefully selected U.S. and international advisors; all of which are proud members of the Mueller 2020 Global Alliance. Tax Partner Company Name Mueller CPA, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Austin, TX Mueller CPA, PLLC is a licensed CPA firm with the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy. The firm is an affiliate of Mueller 2020 - Tax & Advisors & Visionaries, and a proud member of the Mueller 2020 Global Alliance. Adjunct MBA Accounting Professor Company Name Concordia University Texas Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Austin, TX Teaching MBA 5207 Managerial Accounting Member of the Board of Directors Company Name TexHealth Central Texas Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Member of the Board of Directors, as well as the Finance Committee. Tax Partner Company Name Five Stone Tax Advisers Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Austin, TX Performance- Handles complex tax compliance, preparation, and planning aspects of U.S. persons, businesses, and dual citizens residing both in America and abroad- Represents taxpayers from the U.S. and 19 countries with tax litigation affairs at the Federal and State levels- Serves as Kovel accountant for OVDP/FSCP/FATCA/FBAR/Off-shore/foreign/international taxation cases; involved and proficient in all compliance and advisory aspects of criminal and civil matters- Serves as Registered Agent with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCen)- Interacts with foreign taxpayers,bureaus and agencies, and foreign tax law/procedures: Exposure includes tax returns from 19 countries in four continents, in five different languages- In charge of firm's business development efforts See more positions Education St. Edward's University Degree Name Master's of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.70 Accounting GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Activities and Societies: - American Institue of Certified Public Accountants, AICPA (CPA Candidate Member) - Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants, TSCPA (Austin Chapter Member) - Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, ACFE (Austin Chapter Member) St. Edward's University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.50 Accounting GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: - American Institue of Certified Public Accountants, AICPA (Member) - Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants, TSCPA(Austin Chapter Member) - Institute of Internal Auditors, IIA (Austin Chapter Memeber) - Accounting Club at St. Edward's University Miami Dade College Degree Name Associate of Arts (A.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration Grade 4.00 Accounting GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: - Phi Theta Kappa Graduate (International Honors Society) - Phi Beta Lambda Graduate (Future Business Leaders of America) -FICPA Member (Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants) Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Benny Wayne Galloway (CFO) and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Concordia University Texas Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Brian’s colleagues at Five Stone Tax Advisers Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 24 endorsements for Financial Accounting 24 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Five Stone Tax Advisers Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Travis H. Bourgeois Senior Associate Assurance at PwC September 16, 2010, Travis H. and Brian were students together Brian and I worked on a critical semester-long group project for our Accounting Ethics class at St. Edward's University. His collaborative skills were a big part of the team's success. He took on a sizable chunk of the workload and immediately assumed a leadership role. He has excellent presentation skills and was successful at engaging our peers in our oral report. Team efforts are a big part of today's workforce dynamics and Brian's ability to partner productively will be an asset to any business endeavor he undertakes. Travis H. Bourgeois Senior Associate Assurance at PwC September 19, 2010, Brian and Travis H. were students together I was honored to work with Travis throughout our undergraduate and graduate accounting coursework at St. Edward's University. He has always committed to delivering quality and professionalism, and possessed superb team-work skills. He demonstrated passion and hard work on several of the projects that we worked together; especially in our Accounting Ethics class. Travis' skillset combined with his mature personality will be a positive contribution to any organization he joins. Accomplishments Brian has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English Italian (Proficient: Speaks, Reads) Potuguese (Proficient: Speaks, Reads) Russian (Limited Proficiency: Minor Speaking) Spanish Brian has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Executive Compensation: Public Outrage, SEC Requirements, and How the Accounting Profession Can Help 2015 Publications, Speaking Engagements, Seminars, and Guest Appearances 2016 Publications - Seminars - CPE Classes - Speaking Engagements - Guest Appearances Multiple Publications, Speaking Engagements, Seminars, and Guest Appearances Brian has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Enrolled Agent (EA) Brian has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award See Below Brian has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization See Below Interests Mueller 2020 - Tax Advisors & Visionaries 14 followers Miami Dade College 120,734 followers Investment Banking JobWire 13,523 members Concordia University Texas 7,568 followers Austin CPAs LEAP 77 members TexHealth Central Texas 22 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gerry has a account Gerry Murray Partner, Mc Daid Mc Cullough Moore Mc Daid Mc Cullough Moore Sheffield Hallam University Belfast, United Kingdom 295 295 connections Send InMail Expert witnessing in forensic accounting and investigations including tax investigations and lecturing in forensic accounting. Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Mc Daid Mc Cullough Moore Dates Employed Apr 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs 3 mos Location Derry/Londonderry Partner wih responsibility for Audit Regulation, Forensic Accounting and Taxation. Visiting Professor at the University of Ulster, where I also lecture on Forensic Accountancy and member of the Academy of Experts. Education Sheffield Hallam University Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Forensic Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Trinity College Dublin Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study History & Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1976 Activities and Societies: The Hist. The Phil, History Society St Columb's College Derry Degree Name A Levels Field Of Study Modern History, French & English Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1965 – 1972 Volunteer Experience Chair of Audit Committee Company Name Northern Ireland Fire Authority Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 16 endorsements for Auditing 16 Auditing Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Forensic Accounting See 15 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 15 Forensic Accounting Nora Murray and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gerry has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests St. Columb's College Alumni 308 members David CameronDavid Cameron is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 2,503,403 followers Sheffield Hallam University 112,287 followers Trinity College Dublin 86,700 followers Sheffield Hallam University 117,752 followers Forensic Accounting Network 2,138 members See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Petersen Certified Public Accountant at Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC University of Denver - Daniels College of Business Greater Denver Area 218 218 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Amy Petersen, CPA, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Seigneur Gustafson LLP Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Certified Public Accountant Company Name Gregory & Associates, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 12 mos Tax Manager Company Name Olson, Reyes & Sauerwein, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax Manager Company Name EKS&H Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education University of Denver - Daniels College of Business Degree Name MT Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 University of Colorado Denver Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 12 endorsements for CPA 12 CPA Endorsed by Mary Gallagher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 9 endorsements for Tax 9 Tax Endorsed by Mary Gallagher, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at EKS&H LLLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 7 endorsements for Tax Research 7 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Amy’s colleagues at EKS&H LLLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 19,513 followers University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 18,619 followers University of Colorado Denver 80,768 followers University of Colorado Denver 87,496 followers
More Actions Stephanie has a account Stephanie Matticks, EA President, Office of Geri & Stephanie Office of Geri and Stephanie St. Norbert College La Mesa, California 60 60 connections Send InMail Enrolled Agent-Federally Licensed Tax Professional Highlights Experience President Company Name Office of Geri and Stephanie Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location La Mesa, CA 91942 Education St. Norbert College Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Activities and Societies: CSEA - San Diego Chapter, Secretary, 2012; 2nd V.P. 2014-current SCTP-Southern CA Tax Professionals-member: 2012-current CSTC-CA Society of Tax Consultants-member: 2004-2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Steven Leibold, EA, NTPI Fellow and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 10 endorsements for Tax Returns 10 Tax Returns Endorsed by Jack Miller, EA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 8 endorsements for Small Business 8 Small Business Endorsed by Roger Garay, EA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephanie has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests St. Norbert College 15,496 followers St. Norbert College 14,315 followers
More Actions James has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium James Rainwater, CPA I help Digital Media, Gaming & Mobile Tech firms & owner/founders cut their tax bill by $10,000-300,000+ Rainwater.CPA University of Baltimore Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail We help digital media, advertising, gaming and mobile tech firms increase value and improve cash flow by reducing the biggest cost next to payroll, taxes. By using advanced strategies and tax planning, we've saved clients hundreds of thousands of dollars by working with us. James has over 20 years of experience in accounting and finance. He has worked in a national CPA firm and over 7 years as CFO & Director of Finance. He has run Rainwater.CPA since 2001, helping clients grow and create wealth. E-mail me james@rainwatercpa.com or schedule an appointment with me at calendly.com/rainwatercpa We can help you: ✓ Maximize Funding ✓ Slow Your Burn Rate ✓ Improve Valuation and Profitability ✓ Grow as a Company ✓ Create Wealth ✓ Pay Less Tax See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner/Principal Company Name Rainwater.CPA Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 8 mos Location Bel Air, MD Huge tax savings through advanced tax strategies and planning.We are also your outsourced finance team: accounting, tax, CFO, Controller, reporting, budgeting and forecasting.We can be your finance team before you are ready to hire staff or we can work with existing staff to complement or improve processes.We make order from the chaos, improve cash velocity, reduce tax exposure, and develop strategy for the future. Director Company Name EvolveCFO Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco & Baltimore Helped build cloud based accounting, advising & tax practice for crowdfunded, startup, early stage and growth stage business. We make order from the chaos, solve the problems, and help keep your business in compliance. Adjunct Professor Company Name University of Maryland University College Dates Employed Sep 2009 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Adjunct professor -- Accounting & Tax Director of Finance & IT Company Name Unitec Electronics Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Unitec designs and manufactures innovative, automated payment systems for the car wash industry. Unitec supplies both hardware and software payment solutions to car wash operators through a network of distributors.* Developed strategic growth plan with senior team, owners & consultants* Improved month end close & reporting process, hired team* Implemented dashboards & metrics to measure growth & profit drivers* Tied budgets & forecasts to strategic growth plan* Developed & managed an allstar A&F team* Implemented cost savings measures & smart growth plan* Worked closely with senior management team, owners/investors & banks/lenders CFO Company Name The Acadia Companies Dates Employed May 2006 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Acadia is the Mid-Atlantic leader in manufacture and installation of premium vinyl windows, doors and entryways in the multi-family housing industry. Acadia runs the process from its manufacturing facility in Baltimore and, unique to the industry, runs field installation crews as direct hires.* Manage month end close, consolidations, GL, AP, AR, Treasury, Risk Management, HR, Benefits, and IT for four entities* Monthly reporting and analysis to bank, investors/owners and board of directors* Provide, monitor and maintain appropriate internal controls* Work closely with external auditors and accountants to prepare the year end review and tax returns* Completed implementation of accounting system and integration of operations systems with accounting* Developed cost savings plans and improved cash flow to improve overall operations and reduce dependency on line of credit, improving overall health of company; cut cash cycle by one third;* Worked closely with plant and field operations to improve material margins during a period of rising costs* Cut IT spending by over one half through implementing proactive plans, updates and maintenance;* Improved risk management efforts, reducing rates for general liability, auto and workers’ comp. while mitigating increases in health insurance rates;* Automated month end consolidation process and financial reporting increasing accuracy, timeliness and transparency; See more positions Education University of Baltimore Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Leveraged Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Sigma Iota Epsilon Graduated with Honors University of Maryland University College Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 University of Maryland College Park Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Sigma Phi Epsilon See more education Volunteer Experience Treasurer, Board of Directors, Firefighter, EVD & EMT Company Name Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company Dates volunteered Sep 2005 – Present Volunteer duration 11 yrs 10 mos The mission of the Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company, Incorporated shall be the prevention and suppression of fire and the protection of life and property during such fires and emergencies as may occur in the Town of Bel Air and the surrounding communities. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 47 endorsements for Financial Reporting 47 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Philip Campbell and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 41 endorsements for Accounting 41 Accounting Endorsed by Melissa A. Tarkett, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 32 endorsements for Forecasting 32 Forecasting Frank Ernest and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Steven Toomey Chief Financial Officer at Corax November 5, 2015, Steven was senior to James but didn’t manage directly It is a privilege to write a recommendation for James Rainwater. We worked together over 2 years building Evolve CFO – a cloud-based accounting, tax and financial management firm. Without question, James was an invaluable member of the team and a top performer. More than the quality of his work or ability to connect with clients, he was a strong adviser, with an exceptional ability to listen, reflect and help determine strategy. Having worked with numerous partners and employees, I can clearly say James was one of the best and will no doubt be an asset to any team with which he is involved. Wendy S. Ulmer, CPA, CGMA Controller at National Technologies Associates, Inc (NTA) November 13, 2012, Wendy S. reported directly to James Jim mixes many of the best management techniques to make his own effective management style. Jim always has a keen eye on company performance and efficiency improvement - if it needs to be done, he can figure out a way to do it. His depth of knowledge and big-picture outlook is matched by concern for employees. He has a talent for seeing mistakes as opportunities and will patiently explain suggestions and solutions to facilitate growth and learning. I could always look to Jim for guidance and encouragement as I took on new projects. Jim was a pleasure to work with and would be an asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Rob McGrorty Head of Product at Webgility October 2, 2015, Rob was senior to James but didn’t manage directly Rob is great at taking complex jobs or complicated clients and creating processes or a plan of attack. I worked with Rob on several engagements like this. He has a knack for keeping projects moving, even in challenging situations.Working with tough clients seemed to come naturally to Rob. Wendy S. Ulmer, CPA, CGMA Controller at National Technologies Associates, Inc (NTA) November 12, 2012, James managed Wendy S. directly Wendy has a great ability to be in the weeds of a job and work hands on with detailed information while also being able to see the 30,000 foot view and understand strategy and vision. I could count on Wendy to meet monthly deadlines with accounting work while also taking on special projects and supervising staff. She is a very well rounded financial professional. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments James has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Information Technology Professional (CITP) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Interests Ron BakerRon Baker is a LinkedIn Influencer Radio Talk-Show Host, The Soul of Enterprise at VoiceAmerica Talk Radio 222,952 followers Jim WhitehurstJim Whitehurst is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Red Hat 97,028 followers Innovation and Entrepreneurship Society 19,207 members Recode 757,855 followers UMUC - Graduate School of Management & Technology 3,851 members Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,550,274 followers See all See all following
More Actions Laurie Ann has a account Laurie Ann Stoddard, CPA Finance Manager at Development Finance Authority of Summit County Development Finance Authority of Summit County Kent State University - Master of Science in Accounting Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 184 184 connections Send InMail Recently, I have completed the CPA licensure requirements following two tax seasons in public accounting and am currently affiliated with the Development Finance Authority of Summit County. My early career experience with Lederle Laboratories, a pharmaceutical firm, developed my analytical research, networking, and client presentation skills. Client relationships secured on trust and reputation were strengthened by my consistent dedication to detail and creative problem solving. As I have transitioned to the world of accounting, this knowledge and skill set enables me to develop exceptional client relationships and provide high quality service. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Laurie Ann’s Activity 183 followers Chick-fil-A is beating every competitor by training workers to say 'please' and 'thank you' Laurie Ann liked Cleveland rocks: No ‘mistake’ about it Laurie Ann liked Rep. Pat Tiberi shares his views on the value of the New Markets Tax Credit program during #NovocoNMTC. Laurie Ann liked At #NovocoNMTC, Michael J. Novogradac shares his thoughts on the future of the new markets tax credit. Laurie Ann liked Genie’s photo Laurie Ann liked See all activity Experience Finance Manager Company Name Development Finance Authority of Summit County Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Akron, Ohio Assistant Secretary to the Board of Directors of DFA, Responsible for compiling financial statements, budgeting, and preparing documents for annual audits. Board member, Treasurer, for the Development Fund of the Western Reserve and Secretary to its Advisory Board. Assists with New Markets Tax Credits compliance as required by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI) and the Internal Revenue Service. Director of Finance Company Name Summit Choral Society Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Akron, Ohio Prepare all financial reports and statements for Finance Committee and Board of Directors review. Assist in establishing internal controls and ensure compliance. Involved with budget oversight, financial planning, monitoring income flows and debt levels, payroll, collection of receivables, and reconciliation of all banking transactions. Associate - Tax Company Name Apple Growth Partners Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area Prepared corporate, partnership, individual, and trust returns as well as performed research of client specific tax positions. Assisted with year-end tax planning and projections and provided accurate, timely responses to both client and governmental agency tax inquiries. Participated in various CPE training sessions and practice development activities. Seasonal Tax Associate Company Name Meaden & Moore Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Cleveland, Ohio Prepared federal, state, and city tax returns forindividuals, corporations, and partnerships. Participatedin weekly and monthly tax training sessions and software user updates. Associate Company Name Stoddard Logistics Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Hudson Ohio Preparing revenue / expense projections, maintaining required records, and filing quarterly estimated taxes and annual tax forms. See more positions Education Kent State University - Master of Science in Accounting Field Of Study Emphasis in Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma National Honor Society Graduated with a 4.0 GPARecipient of the Accounting Department's Becker Scholarship-2011 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Sales/Marketing Activities and Societies: Intramural Sports, Delta Delta Delta, Orientation Counselor Volunteer Experience Supporter/Sponsor Company Name Connecting Hearts in Guatemala Cause Education Supporter Company Name Samaritan's Purse Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by Eritt Sinkko and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Laurie Ann’s colleagues at Meaden & Moore Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Eritt Sinkko, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Laurie Ann’s colleagues at Meaden & Moore Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Laurie Ann’s colleagues at Apple Growth Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Leslie Kasten Senior Manager, Tax Services Group at Meaden & Moore, State and Local Tax August 19, 2014, Laurie Ann worked with Leslie in the same group Laurie worked for us as a seasonal associate in our tax group this past busy season. We found her to be reliable, good at following up with her supervisors, and has a strong desire to learn. We enjoyed having Laurie work with us during busy season and appreciated her contributions. Eritt Sinkko Manager, Tax Accounting and Risk Advisory Services, Grant Thornton LLP August 4, 2014, Laurie Ann worked with Eritt in the same group Laurie brings energy into the work environment. I worked with Laurie for four months at Meaden & Moore while she was a seasonal tax associate. What really stands out is Laurie’s eagerness to learn and understand tax concepts, software and processes. Laurie would be any asset to any team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Laurie Ann has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Finance & Accounting Jobs 96,540 members Novogradac & Company LLP 9,511 followers The Ohio Society of CPAs 9,475 members University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,290 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,816,244 followers Brockman, Coats, Gedelian & Co 15,986 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Byrne Senior Tax Accountant Forcepoint, LLC (Formerly Raytheon|Websense) Certificate in VAT - Irish Taxation Institute Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA) with the Chartered Accountants Ireland and Registered Tax Adviser (CTA) with the Irish Tax Institute. I am currently working as a Senior Tax Accountant in a large US Multinational organisation. I have gained considerable Taxation experience during my career, both in Multinationals and in the Big 4 in addition to top 20 Accountancy Practices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Forcepoint, LLC (Formerly Raytheon|Websense) Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location Dublin Tax Tutor Company Name Irish Tax Institute Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dublin I am a Tutor / Mentor for the Irish Tax Institute examinations for Part 2 and Part 3 students. Examinations Corrector Company Name Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Dublin I worked as a corrector for the FAE Tax Elective examination paper for the 2010/11 sitting. International Tax Specialist Company Name VMware International Limited Dates Employed Dec 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos I worked as an International Tax Specialist in the Tax Department. Tutor Company Name The Irish Taxation Institute Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs I have worked as a tutor for the research skills module tutoring students for the Part 2 examinations. See more positions Education Certificate in VAT - Irish Taxation Institute Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study VAT Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Associate of The Irish Taxation Institute Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Member of Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 13 endorsements for International Tax 13 International Tax Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Karen’s colleagues at Forcepoint Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 5 endorsements for Tax Accounting 5 Tax Accounting Vijay Agarwal and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dave Riordan (ACA) Head of Accountancy & Finance Recruitment - Accounting, Finance, Tax, Audit. April 21, 2010, Dave was Karen’s mentor Karen is clearly a very strong Tax Professional and I found her very personable and professional in person. With very strong references behind her Karen is certainly a considerable prospect for future employers. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Unilever 2,496,995 followers Jacki ZehnerJacki Zehner is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Engagement Officer - Women Moving Millions 489,583 followers International Tax and Transfer Pricing Career Guide 1,601 members Twitter 500,497 followers Dublin City University 60,773 followers Revenue (Ireland) 1,180 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dara has a account Dara Lis Accountant Beyond Accounting Inc State University of New York at Buffalo Buffalo, New York 32 32 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Beyond Accounting Inc Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 6 mos Location Buffalo, NY Accounting & Income Tax Preparation Accountant Company Name Tax Counselors of WNY Dates Employed Sep 1992 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Education State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 5 endorsements for General Ledger 5 General Ledger Sandra Lucier and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation tony gangarossa and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Dr. Lyle Muller and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University at Buffalo 148,304 followers University at Buffalo 157,019 followers
More Actions David has a account David Locke Senior Tax Accountant - Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Franklin University Greater San Diego Area 298 298 connections Send InMail Turnkey Transaction Based Tax Subject Matter Expert for Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. working in compliance, audit management, taxability review, exemption management, internal control review, and process creation, review and development. I am currently the Senior Accountant -Transactional Tax for Kratos Defense & Security Solutions. Kratos is a NASDAQ (KTOS) publicly traded 800-900 million dollar company operating internationally, and in nearly all 50 states (Nexus in 30+ states). Kratos is a multi-faceted defense contractor supporting freedom fighters and first responders. The major facets include security, alarm and building automation; rocket support services; cybersecurity and IA, defense related simulation technology and training; modular specialized tactical shelters and containers; unmanned aircraft; and electronic satellite technologies. My responsibilities range from audit to compliance for property, excise and GST, VAT, and SUT. Annually I file around 900 sales/use/gross receipt returns; and a 20-30 property tax returns. To complete the above returns CostPoint, Great Plains (Microsoft GP), Solomon (Microsoft SL), Timberline and OneSource tax preperation software is used. I also help with the review of Permanent Establishment for both Tax provision and general business risk purposes, including: -Reviewing Tax Treaties -Reaching out to Controllers and obtaining key permanent establishment accounting data -Analyzing data to determine if Permanent Establishment has been created for both Income Tax and GST/VAT/International Sales Tax -ASC 450 (FAS 5)/ASC 740(FAS 109) Memo Documentation -Treaty Memo Documentation -IPE gathering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location UTC, San Diego, CA Manage Sales Tax ProcessManage Tax Rate Review and Update ProcessManage Sales Tax Exemption ProcessManage Sales Tax AuditsProcess Sales Tax Returns for Public Corporation with 65+ entities and over 1 billion in revenues and Nexus in 30+ States (including Texas, Arizona, Colorado, New York, New Jersey, Florida, and California).Process Excise Tax (i.e. Gross Receipts, Business and Occupational License Tax) returns.Process Property Tax Returns.Tax Research.Permanent Establish Review.Internal Control ReviewInternational Transaction-Based Tax.Tax Provision Junior Tax Account (General Ledger Resources) Company Name Bumble Bee Foods Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Prepare Corporate Federal/State Tax Returns - Create Workpapers in Excel for Tax Return - M-1/M-3 Workpapers (W.P.) in both functional and group currency- Analyze Accounts/Financial Statements for Tax Implications in SAP- Fill out Tax Form using ATX and/or LacerteCreate Workpapers in Excel for Tax Provision in both functional and group currency- Create/Update Provision W.P. to reflect quarterly updates to book-to-tax differences- Analyze Accounts/Financial Statements for Tax Implications in SAPReview work going to or recieved from internal auditorsResearch tax issues as they arise using IntelliConnect, CCH Research Consultant-Market Reporter III Company Name Construction Software Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Create market spreadsheet. Review current market penetration and determine if there is room for improvement.Procure Bid Documents. Market Reporter II Company Name Construction Software Technologies Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo I aid in the gathering of plans and specs for construction projects. I work to build relationships with Architects, Engineers, General Contractors, Subcontractors, and other agencies that may be of importance in the preconstruction. QA Company Name VSP Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos I started as a Customer Care Representative (CCR) and promoted to Quality Auditor (QA). As a CCR my primary responsibility taking incoming and make outgoing calls to handle client, doctor, and member concerns, issues, and complaints. - Nominated for Disaster Recovery Team - Nominated as the on-site facilitator of Microsoft Office tranining - Awarded the World-Class Service award by independent group, C.Q.I. - Created presentations on company M.V.V.G. and presented to middle and lower mangement (10-12), and department employees (75-100) - Nominated to be fraud training facilitatorAs Q.A. (Quality Auditor), my task was to listen to CSRs (35-50 a mont) and find areas for opportunity and help them improve the skills. See more positions Education Franklin University Degree Name MS in Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Franklin University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Deans List 2008-2009President's List 2009GPA 3.44 Bellevue College Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Social Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 GPA 3.5 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 11 endorsements for Sales Tax 11 Sales Tax Endorsed by 5 of David’s colleagues at Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Great Plains Software See 10 endorsements for Great Plains Software 10 Great Plains Software James Riggs and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at iSqFt Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Glen Dever Quality Auditor at VSP February 12, 2012, David worked with Glen in the same group David is a goal oriented focused professional who was a valued member of the quality assurance team at VSP. Always looking to improve both himself and the processes the team followed, David was always on the look out for ways to proactively make improvements. David is passionate about what he does and fits in well as part of a team as well as needing limited direction when working on his own. It was sad to see David leave the team, but at the same time exciting to see him move forward with his career and personal goals. Brad Tucker Director of Business Development at ComputerEase August 18, 2009, Brad worked with David in different groups During David's time at iSqFt he has demonstrated leadership as well as outstanding customer service. David has the ability to take a task from start and drive it into completion without any complications along the way. David is a great asset to not only the department but to iSqFt. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Karen Herdina Project Manager at HealthSpan Ohio September 19, 2009, Karen was senior to David but didn’t manage directly Karen is one of the most dedicated managers I have been around. While flying around the office from meeting to meeting, she makes it a point to notice all employees, calling them by names, and sharing in lives. When it comes to business, she knows her business, and is key to act when necessary, and knows when to hold off when necessary. Dan Greear Customer Service Supervisor at VSP August 20, 2009, David worked with Dan in different groups When Dan came to VSP he found a way to network and build relationships with his direct reports. He championed them and aided in their growth and adoption of VSP Vision, Mission, Values, and Goals. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Exam Candidate David has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English David has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Microsoft SL Integration and Automating Sales Tax Process Interests Franklin University 41,063 followers HP 2,463,486 followers The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,469,061 followers Franklin University's Alumni Group 4,823 members See all See all following
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Winters- CPA | Business | Tax Accounting Managing Partner at Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP- Audit Accounting | Forensic Accounting | Accounting Investigations Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP Brigham Young University Las Vegas, Nevada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I assist clients in a wide variety of industries with their audit, accounting, tax and business strategy needs. I also provide litigation support services such as, forensic accounting, lost-profits damages, fraud and embezzlement investigations, reconstructing accounting records from source documents, as well as unraveling complex, antiquated accounting records in order to help both plaintiffs and defendants in court cases requiring financial analysis and expertise. My personal mission is to help you as one of my clients to not only help you maintain financial viability in the present, but to work with you in a strategic, proactive manner so that you meet your future goals. All this takes open communication, a solid analysis on both your needs and goals, and research to make it happen. If you have any questions on how I can help in your accounting needs, in depth financial strategy, forensic accounting, or litigation support, feel free to contact me- →→at (702) 878-9788 or dwinters@bradshawsmith.com ←← See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area I began working at Bradshaw Smith & Co. in 1988. As our firm's managing partner, I am responsible for not only day to day operations, but client services, business development, and company strategy. Bradshaw Smith & Co. has been providing quality financial guidance since 1976. We work with both individuals and businesses in tax planning, consulting, auditing, business accounting, forensic accounting, and litigation support. What sets apart one accounting firm from another? We all provide similar services- but what makes us unique at Bradshaw Smith & Co. is not only our ability to provide accounting services- but we also view our relationships with our clients as a mutual partnership. We take a holistic approach based on where you are financially and where you want to be in order to map out the best strategy for you. That is one of the things that drew me to work for this firm. If you have any questions on how I can help in your accounting needs, in depth financial strategy, forensic accounting, or litigation support, feel free to contact me- →→at (702) 878-9788 or dwinters@bradshawsmith.com ←← Education Brigham Young University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Boy Scouts of America Featured Skills & Endorsements Forensic Accounting See 76 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 76 Forensic Accounting Roger Mayo and 75 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 71 endorsements for Financial Analysis 71 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Glenn Goodnough, CPA, CFE and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 66 endorsements for Accounting 66 Accounting Endorsed by Glenn Goodnough, CPA, CFE and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Doug has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Nevada Society of Certified Public Accountants (NSCPA) Interests Connor Group 3,715 followers The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 56,205 followers The BYU Network 52,062 members AICPA Employee Benefit Plans 3,351 members Brigham Young University 214,276 followers CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members See all See all following
More Actions Karen has a account Karen Byrne Senior Tax Accountant Forcepoint, LLC (Formerly Raytheon|Websense) Certificate in VAT - Irish Taxation Institute Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA) with the Chartered Accountants Ireland and Registered Tax Adviser (CTA) with the Irish Tax Institute. I am currently working as a Senior Tax Accountant in a large US Multinational organisation. I have gained considerable Taxation experience during my career, both in Multinationals and in the Big 4 in addition to top 20 Accountancy Practices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Forcepoint, LLC (Formerly Raytheon|Websense) Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location Dublin Tax Tutor Company Name Irish Tax Institute Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dublin I am a Tutor / Mentor for the Irish Tax Institute examinations for Part 2 and Part 3 students. Examinations Corrector Company Name Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Dublin I worked as a corrector for the FAE Tax Elective examination paper for the 2010/11 sitting. International Tax Specialist Company Name VMware International Limited Dates Employed Dec 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos I worked as an International Tax Specialist in the Tax Department. Tutor Company Name The Irish Taxation Institute Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs I have worked as a tutor for the research skills module tutoring students for the Part 2 examinations. See more positions Education Certificate in VAT - Irish Taxation Institute Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study VAT Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Associate of The Irish Taxation Institute Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Member of Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 13 endorsements for International Tax 13 International Tax Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Karen’s colleagues at Forcepoint Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by David Naughton, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 5 endorsements for Tax Accounting 5 Tax Accounting Vijay Agarwal and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dave Riordan (ACA) Head of Accountancy & Finance Recruitment - Accounting, Finance, Tax, Audit. April 21, 2010, Dave was Karen’s mentor Karen is clearly a very strong Tax Professional and I found her very personable and professional in person. With very strong references behind her Karen is certainly a considerable prospect for future employers. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Irish Chartered Accountants ICAI / CAI 1,596 members International Tax Opportunities 3,114 members OECD Publications 7,785 members Strategic International Tax Business 10,343 members Deloitte Ireland 17,294 followers Forcepoint 13,934 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dara has a account Dara Lis Accountant Beyond Accounting Inc State University of New York at Buffalo Buffalo, New York 32 32 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Beyond Accounting Inc Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 6 mos Location Buffalo, NY Accounting & Income Tax Preparation Accountant Company Name Tax Counselors of WNY Dates Employed Sep 1992 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Education State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 5 endorsements for General Ledger 5 General Ledger Sandra Lucier and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 3 endorsements for Tax Preparation 3 Tax Preparation tony gangarossa and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Dr. Lyle Muller and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University at Buffalo 157,019 followers University at Buffalo 148,304 followers
More Actions David has a account David Locke Senior Tax Accountant - Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Franklin University Greater San Diego Area 298 298 connections Send InMail Turnkey Transaction Based Tax Subject Matter Expert for Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. working in compliance, audit management, taxability review, exemption management, internal control review, and process creation, review and development. I am currently the Senior Accountant -Transactional Tax for Kratos Defense & Security Solutions. Kratos is a NASDAQ (KTOS) publicly traded 800-900 million dollar company operating internationally, and in nearly all 50 states (Nexus in 30+ states). Kratos is a multi-faceted defense contractor supporting freedom fighters and first responders. The major facets include security, alarm and building automation; rocket support services; cybersecurity and IA, defense related simulation technology and training; modular specialized tactical shelters and containers; unmanned aircraft; and electronic satellite technologies. My responsibilities range from audit to compliance for property, excise and GST, VAT, and SUT. Annually I file around 900 sales/use/gross receipt returns; and a 20-30 property tax returns. To complete the above returns CostPoint, Great Plains (Microsoft GP), Solomon (Microsoft SL), Timberline and OneSource tax preperation software is used. I also help with the review of Permanent Establishment for both Tax provision and general business risk purposes, including: -Reviewing Tax Treaties -Reaching out to Controllers and obtaining key permanent establishment accounting data -Analyzing data to determine if Permanent Establishment has been created for both Income Tax and GST/VAT/International Sales Tax -ASC 450 (FAS 5)/ASC 740(FAS 109) Memo Documentation -Treaty Memo Documentation -IPE gathering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location UTC, San Diego, CA Manage Sales Tax ProcessManage Tax Rate Review and Update ProcessManage Sales Tax Exemption ProcessManage Sales Tax AuditsProcess Sales Tax Returns for Public Corporation with 65+ entities and over 1 billion in revenues and Nexus in 30+ States (including Texas, Arizona, Colorado, New York, New Jersey, Florida, and California).Process Excise Tax (i.e. Gross Receipts, Business and Occupational License Tax) returns.Process Property Tax Returns.Tax Research.Permanent Establish Review.Internal Control ReviewInternational Transaction-Based Tax.Tax Provision Junior Tax Account (General Ledger Resources) Company Name Bumble Bee Foods Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Prepare Corporate Federal/State Tax Returns - Create Workpapers in Excel for Tax Return - M-1/M-3 Workpapers (W.P.) in both functional and group currency- Analyze Accounts/Financial Statements for Tax Implications in SAP- Fill out Tax Form using ATX and/or LacerteCreate Workpapers in Excel for Tax Provision in both functional and group currency- Create/Update Provision W.P. to reflect quarterly updates to book-to-tax differences- Analyze Accounts/Financial Statements for Tax Implications in SAPReview work going to or recieved from internal auditorsResearch tax issues as they arise using IntelliConnect, CCH Research Consultant-Market Reporter III Company Name Construction Software Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Create market spreadsheet. Review current market penetration and determine if there is room for improvement.Procure Bid Documents. Market Reporter II Company Name Construction Software Technologies Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo I aid in the gathering of plans and specs for construction projects. I work to build relationships with Architects, Engineers, General Contractors, Subcontractors, and other agencies that may be of importance in the preconstruction. QA Company Name VSP Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos I started as a Customer Care Representative (CCR) and promoted to Quality Auditor (QA). As a CCR my primary responsibility taking incoming and make outgoing calls to handle client, doctor, and member concerns, issues, and complaints. - Nominated for Disaster Recovery Team - Nominated as the on-site facilitator of Microsoft Office tranining - Awarded the World-Class Service award by independent group, C.Q.I. - Created presentations on company M.V.V.G. and presented to middle and lower mangement (10-12), and department employees (75-100) - Nominated to be fraud training facilitatorAs Q.A. (Quality Auditor), my task was to listen to CSRs (35-50 a mont) and find areas for opportunity and help them improve the skills. See more positions Education Franklin University Degree Name MS in Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Franklin University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Deans List 2008-2009President's List 2009GPA 3.44 Bellevue College Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Social Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 GPA 3.5 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 11 endorsements for Sales Tax 11 Sales Tax Endorsed by 5 of David’s colleagues at Kratos Defense and Security Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Great Plains Software See 10 endorsements for Great Plains Software 10 Great Plains Software James Riggs and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at iSqFt Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Glen Dever Quality Auditor at VSP February 12, 2012, David worked with Glen in the same group David is a goal oriented focused professional who was a valued member of the quality assurance team at VSP. Always looking to improve both himself and the processes the team followed, David was always on the look out for ways to proactively make improvements. David is passionate about what he does and fits in well as part of a team as well as needing limited direction when working on his own. It was sad to see David leave the team, but at the same time exciting to see him move forward with his career and personal goals. Brad Tucker Director of Business Development at ComputerEase August 18, 2009, Brad worked with David in different groups During David's time at iSqFt he has demonstrated leadership as well as outstanding customer service. David has the ability to take a task from start and drive it into completion without any complications along the way. David is a great asset to not only the department but to iSqFt. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Karen Herdina Project Manager at HealthSpan Ohio September 19, 2009, Karen was senior to David but didn’t manage directly Karen is one of the most dedicated managers I have been around. While flying around the office from meeting to meeting, she makes it a point to notice all employees, calling them by names, and sharing in lives. When it comes to business, she knows her business, and is key to act when necessary, and knows when to hold off when necessary. Dan Greear Customer Service Supervisor at VSP August 20, 2009, David worked with Dan in different groups When Dan came to VSP he found a way to network and build relationships with his direct reports. He championed them and aided in their growth and adoption of VSP Vision, Mission, Values, and Goals. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Exam Candidate David has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English David has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Microsoft SL Integration and Automating Sales Tax Process Interests R&D Tax Credits Forum, facilitated by Moss Adams LLP 343 members Franklin University 41,063 followers HP 2,463,487 followers Franklin University's Alumni Group 4,823 members Bellevue College 39,216 followers Kratos Defense and Security Solutions 7,080 followers See all See all following
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Winters- CPA | Business | Tax Accounting Managing Partner at Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP- Audit Accounting | Forensic Accounting | Accounting Investigations Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP Brigham Young University Las Vegas, Nevada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I assist clients in a wide variety of industries with their audit, accounting, tax and business strategy needs. I also provide litigation support services such as, forensic accounting, lost-profits damages, fraud and embezzlement investigations, reconstructing accounting records from source documents, as well as unraveling complex, antiquated accounting records in order to help both plaintiffs and defendants in court cases requiring financial analysis and expertise. My personal mission is to help you as one of my clients to not only help you maintain financial viability in the present, but to work with you in a strategic, proactive manner so that you meet your future goals. All this takes open communication, a solid analysis on both your needs and goals, and research to make it happen. If you have any questions on how I can help in your accounting needs, in depth financial strategy, forensic accounting, or litigation support, feel free to contact me- →→at (702) 878-9788 or dwinters@bradshawsmith.com ←← See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Bradshaw, Smith & Co., LLP Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area I began working at Bradshaw Smith & Co. in 1988. As our firm's managing partner, I am responsible for not only day to day operations, but client services, business development, and company strategy. Bradshaw Smith & Co. has been providing quality financial guidance since 1976. We work with both individuals and businesses in tax planning, consulting, auditing, business accounting, forensic accounting, and litigation support. What sets apart one accounting firm from another? We all provide similar services- but what makes us unique at Bradshaw Smith & Co. is not only our ability to provide accounting services- but we also view our relationships with our clients as a mutual partnership. We take a holistic approach based on where you are financially and where you want to be in order to map out the best strategy for you. That is one of the things that drew me to work for this firm. If you have any questions on how I can help in your accounting needs, in depth financial strategy, forensic accounting, or litigation support, feel free to contact me- →→at (702) 878-9788 or dwinters@bradshawsmith.com ←← Education Brigham Young University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Boy Scouts of America Featured Skills & Endorsements Forensic Accounting See 76 endorsements for Forensic Accounting 76 Forensic Accounting Roger Mayo and 75 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 71 endorsements for Financial Analysis 71 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Glenn Goodnough, CPA, CFE and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 66 endorsements for Accounting 66 Accounting Endorsed by Glenn Goodnough, CPA, CFE and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Doug has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Nevada Society of Certified Public Accountants (NSCPA) Interests Boy Scouts of America 5,938 members Nevada Society of CPAs 939 members BYU - Marriott School of Management Alumni 2,296 members BYU Management Society 16,539 members Forensic Accounting & the Law (ALA) 28,347 members Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members See all See all following
More Actions James has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium James Rainwater, CPA I help Digital Media, Gaming & Mobile Tech firms & owner/founders cut their tax bill by $10,000-300,000+ Rainwater.CPA University of Baltimore Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail We help digital media, advertising, gaming and mobile tech firms increase value and improve cash flow by reducing the biggest cost next to payroll, taxes. By using advanced strategies and tax planning, we've saved clients hundreds of thousands of dollars by working with us. James has over 20 years of experience in accounting and finance. He has worked in a national CPA firm and over 7 years as CFO & Director of Finance. He has run Rainwater.CPA since 2001, helping clients grow and create wealth. E-mail me james@rainwatercpa.com or schedule an appointment with me at calendly.com/rainwatercpa We can help you: ✓ Maximize Funding ✓ Slow Your Burn Rate ✓ Improve Valuation and Profitability ✓ Grow as a Company ✓ Create Wealth ✓ Pay Less Tax See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner/Principal Company Name Rainwater.CPA Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 8 mos Location Bel Air, MD Huge tax savings through advanced tax strategies and planning.We are also your outsourced finance team: accounting, tax, CFO, Controller, reporting, budgeting and forecasting.We can be your finance team before you are ready to hire staff or we can work with existing staff to complement or improve processes.We make order from the chaos, improve cash velocity, reduce tax exposure, and develop strategy for the future. Director Company Name EvolveCFO Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco & Baltimore Helped build cloud based accounting, advising & tax practice for crowdfunded, startup, early stage and growth stage business. We make order from the chaos, solve the problems, and help keep your business in compliance. Adjunct Professor Company Name University of Maryland University College Dates Employed Sep 2009 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Adjunct professor -- Accounting & Tax Director of Finance & IT Company Name Unitec Electronics Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Unitec designs and manufactures innovative, automated payment systems for the car wash industry. Unitec supplies both hardware and software payment solutions to car wash operators through a network of distributors.* Developed strategic growth plan with senior team, owners & consultants* Improved month end close & reporting process, hired team* Implemented dashboards & metrics to measure growth & profit drivers* Tied budgets & forecasts to strategic growth plan* Developed & managed an allstar A&F team* Implemented cost savings measures & smart growth plan* Worked closely with senior management team, owners/investors & banks/lenders CFO Company Name The Acadia Companies Dates Employed May 2006 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Acadia is the Mid-Atlantic leader in manufacture and installation of premium vinyl windows, doors and entryways in the multi-family housing industry. Acadia runs the process from its manufacturing facility in Baltimore and, unique to the industry, runs field installation crews as direct hires.* Manage month end close, consolidations, GL, AP, AR, Treasury, Risk Management, HR, Benefits, and IT for four entities* Monthly reporting and analysis to bank, investors/owners and board of directors* Provide, monitor and maintain appropriate internal controls* Work closely with external auditors and accountants to prepare the year end review and tax returns* Completed implementation of accounting system and integration of operations systems with accounting* Developed cost savings plans and improved cash flow to improve overall operations and reduce dependency on line of credit, improving overall health of company; cut cash cycle by one third;* Worked closely with plant and field operations to improve material margins during a period of rising costs* Cut IT spending by over one half through implementing proactive plans, updates and maintenance;* Improved risk management efforts, reducing rates for general liability, auto and workers’ comp. while mitigating increases in health insurance rates;* Automated month end consolidation process and financial reporting increasing accuracy, timeliness and transparency; See more positions Education University of Baltimore Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Leveraged Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Sigma Iota Epsilon Graduated with Honors University of Maryland University College Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 University of Maryland College Park Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Sigma Phi Epsilon See more education Volunteer Experience Treasurer, Board of Directors, Firefighter, EVD & EMT Company Name Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company Dates volunteered Sep 2005 – Present Volunteer duration 11 yrs 10 mos The mission of the Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company, Incorporated shall be the prevention and suppression of fire and the protection of life and property during such fires and emergencies as may occur in the Town of Bel Air and the surrounding communities. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 47 endorsements for Financial Reporting 47 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Philip Campbell and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 41 endorsements for Accounting 41 Accounting Endorsed by Melissa A. Tarkett, CPA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 32 endorsements for Forecasting 32 Forecasting Frank Ernest and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Steven Toomey Chief Financial Officer at Corax November 5, 2015, Steven was senior to James but didn’t manage directly It is a privilege to write a recommendation for James Rainwater. We worked together over 2 years building Evolve CFO – a cloud-based accounting, tax and financial management firm. Without question, James was an invaluable member of the team and a top performer. More than the quality of his work or ability to connect with clients, he was a strong adviser, with an exceptional ability to listen, reflect and help determine strategy. Having worked with numerous partners and employees, I can clearly say James was one of the best and will no doubt be an asset to any team with which he is involved. Wendy S. Ulmer, CPA, CGMA Controller at National Technologies Associates, Inc (NTA) November 13, 2012, Wendy S. reported directly to James Jim mixes many of the best management techniques to make his own effective management style. Jim always has a keen eye on company performance and efficiency improvement - if it needs to be done, he can figure out a way to do it. His depth of knowledge and big-picture outlook is matched by concern for employees. He has a talent for seeing mistakes as opportunities and will patiently explain suggestions and solutions to facilitate growth and learning. I could always look to Jim for guidance and encouragement as I took on new projects. Jim was a pleasure to work with and would be an asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Rob McGrorty Head of Product at Webgility October 2, 2015, Rob was senior to James but didn’t manage directly Rob is great at taking complex jobs or complicated clients and creating processes or a plan of attack. I worked with Rob on several engagements like this. He has a knack for keeping projects moving, even in challenging situations.Working with tough clients seemed to come naturally to Rob. Wendy S. Ulmer, CPA, CGMA Controller at National Technologies Associates, Inc (NTA) November 12, 2012, James managed Wendy S. directly Wendy has a great ability to be in the weeds of a job and work hands on with detailed information while also being able to see the 30,000 foot view and understand strategy and vision. I could count on Wendy to meet monthly deadlines with accounting work while also taking on special projects and supervising staff. She is a very well rounded financial professional. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments James has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Information Technology Professional (CITP) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Interests TechCrunch 1,695,731 followers Maryland Technology Development Corporation (TEDCO) 1,590 followers On Startups - The Community For Entrepreneurs 866,830 members Xero Discussions 23,709 members Jim WhitehurstJim Whitehurst is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Red Hat 97,028 followers The CFO Leadership Council Washington D.C. 319 members See all See all following
More Actions James has a account 3rd degree connection3rd James Brown Tax Manager at Caesars Entertainment Corporation Caesars Entertainment Corporation University of Nevada-Las Vegas Las Vegas, Nevada Area 202 202 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow James’ Activity 201 followers Eric Dominguez and Rob Morris, P.E. proudly accepted the company's 3rd consecutive Environmental Leader award last night at ELCON#17. We took home "Project of the Year" for our retro-commissioning work! James liked We kicked off our summer internship program today with this amazing group of 34 talented students who will be taking on projects in Tax, Internal Audit, Analytics, Marketing, and more. Welcome to the team! #lifeatcaesars James liked See all activity Experience Tax Manager Company Name Caesars Entertainment Corporation Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Service Manager Company Name Wells Fargo Bank Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Education University of Nevada-Las Vegas Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi - Treasurer University of Nevada-Las Vegas Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Skills Corporate Tax Corporate Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting Tax Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UNLV Department of Accounting 943 members Learning Advisor & Student Advisor 1,599 followers Forensic Accounting & the Law (ALA) 28,347 members Institute for Professionals in Taxation 2,130 followers Las Vegas Business Connections 857 members Unofficial Group for American Accounting Association 2,689 members See all See all following
More Actions Robin has a account Robin Murphy Senior Tax Accountant at Schneider Downs Schneider Downs DHS Columbus, Ohio 214 214 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Schneider Downs Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Columbus, Ohio Area Specializing in not-for-profit corporation and individual tax compliance. Additional experience with corporate and partnership taxation as well as LIFO calculation for the automotive industry. Tax In-Charge Company Name Schneider Downs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Tax Senior Company Name GBQ Partners Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 15 yrs 6 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Office Manager Company Name Ciuni & Panichi, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 1991 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Education DHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Robin’s colleagues at GBQ Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Tali Berzins and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Robin’s colleagues at GBQ Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Schneider Downs 3,095 followers
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Maxwell, CPA Director Corporate FP&A CNH University of Southern Indiana Greater Chicago Area 215 215 connections Send InMail Finance professional with over ten years of corporate finance and accounting experience with large multinational corporations. Strong financial capabilities covering: accounting, analysis, planning, internal control, and project management. Specialties: Certified Public Accountant, State of Ohio See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jim’s Activity 215 followers S&P Global Ratings raises its rating on CNH Industrial to Investment Grade Jim liked See all activity Experience Corporate Planning & Analysis Company Name CNH Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Roles at CNH Global: Director Corporate FP&A & Management Reporting (Current)Sr. Manager - Corporate FP&AManager - Corporate FP&ASr. Financial Analyst - Corporate Income Statement Business Unit Reporting & Control Company Name BP Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Roles at BP:Sr. Financial Analyst - Accounting & Control - Whiting Refinery (Whiting, IN)Internal Control & Projects Advisor - Refining SPU (Naperville, IL)Sr. Analyst - Business Unit Control & Reporting – Toledo Refinery (Toledo, OH) Plant & Division Finance Company Name Dana Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Roles at Dana:Group Financial Analyst (Toledo, OH)Plant-Financial Analyst (Henderson, KY)Plant Accountant (Hilliard, OH) Education University of Southern Indiana Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 The Ohio State University - The Max M. Fisher College of Business Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Internal Controls See 13 endorsements for Internal Controls 13 Internal Controls Endorsed by Lisa Donnelly and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jim’s colleagues at CNH Industrial Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 11 endorsements for Forecasting 11 Forecasting Endorsed by Germano Chiancone, MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jim’s colleagues at CNH Industrial Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 11 endorsements for Financial Analysis 11 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Terry Perardi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jim’s colleagues at CNH Industrial Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jim has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests University of Southern Indiana Alumni 3,896 members Spencer Stuart 81,141 followers Heidrick & Struggles 111,040 followers University of Southern Indiana 25,733 followers CNH Industrial 151,725 followers Financial Times 2,244,699 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Selner Custom software dev, business/systems analysis - Accounting Services, Reduce taxes and operating costs, increase revenue Pine Valley Associates Inc University of Saint Thomas, Saint Paul, MN Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 216 216 connections Send InMail Application Developer, Database Administrator, Systems Analyst, and Project Manager in a wide variety of business applications. Particularly interested in client/server and relational database design using MS-SQL Server and MS ASP. Always interested in data migration and system integration projects as well as Search Engine Optimization. Specialties: MS-ASP, MS-Access, MS-SQL Server, Business Applications, e-Commerce, e-Newsletters, User-Friendly web sites, understanding business and being able to translate that into a business application. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Systems Analyst Company Name Pine Valley Associates Inc Dates Employed 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs Location Minnesota We provide custom software development services such as web site development using a variety of platforms including Joomla, Wordpress and PVA Site Manager. We provide business and systems analysis, software development, SEO, e-commerce, blog, credit card processing and application development services for your web site. Sales & Business Development Executive Company Name Emergent Software Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area President Company Name Perpetual Resources, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location Saint Paul, MN WHAT WE DO: For BusinessesWe assist businesses to establish and improve: • sound financial practices, • the numbers behind their business, • accounting services• bookkeeping services • tax reduction• business effectiveness and efficienciesWe also support businesses by reviewing their operational practices, and eliminating manual or redundant tasks in order to save time and cost. For IndividualsWe help people complete and file their income tax returns with an eye toward reducing the amount of tax that they pay. We help individuals with tax planning to help reduce future tax costs, putting more money into their pockets.WHY IT WORKS: We have over 25 years’ experience in helping small businesses and individuals with their accounting, bookkeeping and income tax needs across many industries and business sizes. Our experience in the real estate, restaurant, contractor/trade, insurance, financial planning, retail and non-profit industries as well as having run our own businesses means that we understand our clients' needs better than anyone else. As a strategic business advisor, Daniel is easily able to utilize his battle-tested experience to help his clients achieve their goals.HOW IT WORKS: Before taking on a new business client, we like to schedule a complimentary 30-minute session to discuss your business financial needs and goals. This is designed to determine where you are taking the business, the challenges that you are encountering and how we may be able to help you. It also provides you with the opportunity to get to know our and how we operate to make sure the relationship is a good fit for both of us. As an outcome of this meeting, I will make a recommendation on how to proceed in achieving your businesses needs and goals. Systems Analyst Company Name Keane Inc Dates Employed 1987 – 1998 Employment Duration 11 yrs Consultant in Software Development, Systems Analysis and Quality Assurance positions at various, large Twin Cities-based companies. Education University of Saint Thomas, Saint Paul, MN Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Volleyball Club University of St. Thomas Degree Name BA Field Of Study Computer Science/Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Degree in Computer Science with emphasis in mathematics, accounting and business. Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 17 endorsements for Software Development 17 Software Development Brad Lantz and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 15 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 15 Microsoft SQL Server Jacquelyn Fitzcollins and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SEO See 7 endorsements for SEO 7 SEO Jacquelyn Fitzcollins and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Mark Josephs Financial Advisor at Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. November 20, 2012, Mark worked with Dan in different groups I have a local financial planning business in the Mendota Heights area and have referred customers to Dan, the owner of Perpetual Resources. We have worked together with mutual customers to come up with the best financial strategies to reduce taxes. Any customer I refer to Dan is always very impressed. If you have the need for a good accountant in the Mendota Heights or W. St. Paul area, you can't go wrong with Dan. Joel Fugleberg Owner/Chiropractor - Lifestyle Chiropractic, Speaker, Fitness Advocate October 30, 2012, Joel worked with Dan but at different companies Dan is a great resource on current trends in website design as well as tax issues for small business. I highly recommend him! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Joel Fugleberg Owner/Chiropractor - Lifestyle Chiropractic, Speaker, Fitness Advocate November 13, 2012, Dan worked with Joel but at different companies Joel always acts in a most professional manner and stays on top of his game by knowing the latest health issues and offers a unique solution to these issues. Jason Dailey Founder of Brandography.com - Web Design, Development, and Online Marketing March 2, 2012, Dan was a client of Jason’s Jason Dailey is a highly qualified, knowledgable professional who provides solid recommendations, high-quality work and on-time results. I would definitely recommend Jason and his team at Brandography.com Accomplishments Interests SetFocus Free Object Oriented Concepts (OOC) Training 1,233 members SetFocus Free SharePoint Training 493 members Business-Achieve 3 followers HireCast Consulting 231 members FruitShare 56 followers Investools Users 344 members See all See all following
More Actions JOSH has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium JOSH FELDMAN, CPA Vice President, Finance Hudson's Bay Company University at Albany, SUNY Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail FINANCE EXECUTIVE with experience in both a Big 4 Public Accounting Firm and Corporate Finance; An effective decision maker with a proven track record of motivating and developing teams; Adept at improving finance processes across multiple business and global regions; Effectively coordinate with C-Level executives, internal stakeholders, and multi-level staff for attainment of organizational financial goals and operational objectives ★ CAPITAL PLANNING: Streamlined global capital deployment process and policy, incorporating implementation of common system after multiple acquisitions at Hudson’s Bay Company ★ FINANCIAL PLANNING AND ANALYSIS: Partnered with Business Operations to develop business case and ROI for the Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks Off 5th entry into Canada, including identification of synergies across businesses ★ MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS: Actively involved in the $3 billion sale of Saks Fifth Avenue to Hudson’s Bay Co. SPECIALTIES ♦ Financial Reporting ♦ Integration ♦ SEC Filings ♦ Budgeting/ Forecasting ♦ Internal Controls ♦ Technical Accounting ♦ Capital Planning ♦ Team Leadership ♦ System Implementation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow JOSH’S Activity 509 followers This is right on! JOSH liked See all activity Experience VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL PLANNING Company Name Hudson's Bay Company Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York, NY Manage $1B+ global capital budget; Supervise team of 6 Develop business cases for new stores, renovations, merchant initiatives, and shared service projects, including information technology and logisticsOversee capital budgetting and forecasting, store closure analysis and post investment reviewsProvide recommendations on investments to executive leadershipManage preparation of the Saks Fifth Avenue 5 year operating plan; Actively involved with store budgetting and forecasting process VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE Company Name Saks Fifth Avenue Dates Employed 2007 – 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location New York, NY Presided over SEC reporting, technical accounting, monthly book close, equity administration, sales audit, and pension administration; Supervised team of 30Managed the preparation of Board of Director materials; Actively involved with earnings release process and investor presentationsActively involved with integration of accounting policy during Hudson’s Bay acquisition of Saks Fifth Avenue. AUDIT MANAGER Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York, NY Managed worldwide audit engagement and hired, trained and supervised staff accountants Advised clients on technical accounting issues, industry developments, internal control compliance, and general process improvements Established client specific audit techniques during “Year 1” of Sarbanes Oxley implementation Interacted with company executives to present audit plans, results, and required communications SUPERVISING SENIOR AUDITOR Company Name Mahoney Cohen & Company Dates Employed 1999 – 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York, NY Supervised audits, reviews, and compilations for public and private companies in the manufacturing, wholesale, retail, and computer software industriesCoached and mentored several staff accountants Reviewed and resolved accounting, auditing and reporting issues with client’s upper management Education University at Albany, SUNY Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by Larry Butts and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of JOSH’S colleagues at Hudson's Bay Company Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 21 endorsements for Auditing 21 Auditing Endorsed by 3 of JOSH’S colleagues at Hudson's Bay Company Endorsed by 6 people who know Auditing Click and drag to reorder skills SEC filings See 17 endorsements for SEC filings 17 SEC filings Lauren Markon, MS, Professional Resume Writer and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments JOSH has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Finance Professionals Worldwide 106,704 members KPMG US Alumni Group 20,750 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members Finance Club 1,037,898 members Retail Management Executive Group 270,979 members KPMG New York Office Alumni 1,526 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Richmond Tax Consultant at Professional Tax Services Professional Tax Services University of Denver Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 156 156 connections Send InMail Tax Consultant with experience in state and local taxation and personal and business income taxation. A Certified Member of the Institute (CMI) in sales tax by the Institute for Professionals in Taxation (IPT). Expertise: personal and business income tax preparation and state and local sales and use tax planning, compliance, and audit defense for multi-state businesses including direct selling and multi-level marketing companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Consultant Company Name Professional Tax Services Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Tax consultation services ranging from personal and business income tax to state and local business taxation. A specialty area of advisory includes state and local tax consulting, including sales and use tax, for direct selling and multi-level marketing companies throughout the United States. Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Xcel Energy Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location greater denver area State and local tax compliance, audit defense, and planning. Tax Analyst Company Name Xcel Energy Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Denver, CO Primary responsibilities included sales/use tax and property tax compliance and audit defense. Education University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Grand Valley State University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Criminal Justice/Police Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 6 endorsements for Sales Tax 6 Sales Tax Olga Fujaros and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax Jeff Dionne and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 3 endorsements for Financial Analysis 3 Financial Analysis Olga Fujaros and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Denver 76,523 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,866 followers University of Denver 84,893 followers Grand Valley State University 85,969 followers Direct Selling Edge 26 members Xcel Energy 41,698 followers See all See all following
More Actions Josh has a account Josh Gray Senior Tax Accountant at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP University of North Carolina at Wilmington Charlotte, North Carolina 449 449 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Josh’s Activity 449 followers I'm very excited to announce that I'm joining the Techstars team as a Program Manager for the Barclays NYC Accelerator! This is exactly the kind of role that I came back to get my MBA for, and I couldn't have done it without all of the experiences from my 2 years at the Kelley School of Business MBA. I can't wait to move back to the East Coast and start this next adventure! Josh liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina • Current Chairman - BDO Counts Committee (Community Service)• Current Chairman - BDO Social Media Committee• Winner of BDO Core Values Award - October 2016• Currently working with Oil and Gas, manufacturing, healthcare and real estate clients. Senior Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina • Actively engaged in over 45 personal, business, investment management clients• Oversaw a team of 12 staff between the US and India• Mentored 4 staff in the US as well as serving as onboarding advisor for several interns• Communicated directly with individual clients and investors for over 2 years• Worked closely with clients to ensure they were receiving the utmost client service possible• Achieved consistent high marks on all reviews from within Deloitte and from clients• Developed an excellent understanding of state nexus and apportionment issues • Coordinated with international team to ensure proper foreign reporting (Form 8865, 5471, 926, etc.) • Assisted with winning new services for our existing clients Tax Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location New York City, New York • Helped with special project for the implementation of a new K-1 allocation software• Assisted with the design of the master footnote template to be used for domestic K-1s packages• Supervised the output of over 2,500 Sch. K-1s for investors of the Master Limited Partnership• Reviewed international disclosure footnotes for several off-shore funds Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Experience with tax compliance for the following:Individual Compliance Services (Form 1040, 1041, 709, 706) • High net worth individuals • Estate, Gift, and Trust planning • Family Office structuringPass-through Compliance Services (Form 1065, 1120-S, Schedule K-1) • Private Equity Funds (2 of the top 5 global PE investment funds) • Real Estate Funds (2 of the top 5 global RE investment funds) • Property Level Real Estate compliance (local, regional, international) Corporate Compliance Services (Form 1120) • Corporate structuring • Transaction advisory services • Consultative restructuring regarding expansion to foreign tax jurisdictionsTax Software Experience:GoSystemsONESource Income TaxCCH AxcessProSystems FxBNA Income Tax PlannerSAGE Fixed Assets Education University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: MSA Executive Board University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Beta Alpha Psi - Executive BoardSigma Nu Fraternity - President 2011, Vice President 2010Cameron Executive Network University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Finance and Financial Management Services Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Beta Alpha Psi - Executive BoardSigma Nu Fraternity - President 2011, Vice President 2010Cameron Executive Network Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 5 endorsements for Time Management 5 Time Management Endorsed by Jim Buda, CPA, CISA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Easily Adaptable See 5 endorsements for Easily Adaptable 5 Easily Adaptable Justin Nicolett and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Interpersonal Skills See 7 endorsements for Interpersonal Skills 7 Interpersonal Skills Holly Shoaf and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of North Carolina at Wilmington 56,994 followers Cameron School of Business at UNC Wilmington 882 followers BDO USA, LLP 47,374 followers
More Actions Mary Jane has a account Mary Jane Campbell Author at Self-Employed Author Campbell's Consulting Ohio University West Union, Ohio 233 233 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Campbell's Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Campbell's Consulting - West Union, OH After the Law Office of Danny R. Bubp closed due to Danny being elected as Probate/Juvenile Judge for Brown County, I opened my own Bookkeeping and Tax Service at the 307 N. Market Street location. owner Company Name deweylikesstamps.com Dates Employed Dec 2003 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 7 mos Location P.O. Box 218, West Union, OH 45693 Own on-line site and sell on eBay as deweylikesstamps. I sell coins, stamps, bottle, books and misc items. Author Company Name Self-Employed Author Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos I write a weekly art article featuring artisits, quilt blocks and knit/crochet patterns. I also write the "Dear Miss Needles" question and answer weekly column for local newspaper "The Informer". I have been doing this since mid 2012. Owner Company Name Campbell's Collectibles Dates Employed Jan 1989 – Present Employment Duration 28 yrs 6 mos Accountant/Paralegal, Office Manager Company Name Bubp Law Offices Dates Employed 2003 – 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs Location West Union & Georgetown, OH Was a paralegal, an accountant and severed as Office Manager for many years. See more positions Education Ohio University Degree Name Bachelor of Specialized Studies Field Of Study Accounting, Social Work, Business Management Grade Graduated with Honor Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Hocking Technical College Degree Name Associate Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Computer Science Grade Graduated with Highest Honor Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Published Author See 10 endorsements for Published Author 10 Published Author Bethany Smart and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Novels See 7 endorsements for Novels 7 Novels Endorsed by Myra Nour and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Freelance Writing See 5 endorsements for Freelance Writing 5 Freelance Writing Bethany Smart and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ohio University 164,904 followers Numismatists 3,656 members Joel MakowerJoel Makower is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and Executive Editor at GreenBiz Group 85,398 followers Harlequin 6,850 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,867 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,702 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Johnson Trusted CPA | Accounting |Tax Planning & Preparation | Business Advisor | QuickBooks Accounting James. G. Johnson, CPA, PC Texas Christian University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Gary has been a practicing Certified Public Accountant since 1979 and started James G. Johnson, CPA, PC in 1982. He particularly enjoys working with small business owners who want to start up a new business or grow an existing business. Gary works closely with business owners to help them create and identify goals and develop a stategic plan for achieving those goals. Gary has nearly 30 years of accounting and finance experience. He graduated from the University of Texas- Arlington with a B.S. and Texas Christian University with an MBA in Accounting. Gary later taught in the accounting departments of both universities. Since 1986, he has been an instructor for Small Business workshops and classes in conjunction with several university school of business programs and authored two workbooks, "How to Start a Profitable and Successful Small Business" and "How to Run a Profitable and Successful Small Business", with 12 corresponding educational CDs. Businesses work with Gary when they need help with: • Business accounting • Tax planning and preparation • Tax compliance • Budgeting and financial projections • QuickBooks set up and maintenance • Starting a business • Incorporations and entity selection • Estate and trust planning • Succession planning • Retirement planning • Financial statements & reporting • Business plan development • Personal financial statements • Estate and trust planning • Cash flow analysis • Strategic business planning • Succession planning • Business process improvement • Management and operations review Specialties: Business consultant and tax planning for proprietorships, partnerships and corporations; accounting, financial and cash flow analysis; merger & acquisition analysis; implementation of cost systems; starting/running small businesses. Industries: Service Providers such as Healthcare, Construction, Real Estate, Automotive, Manufacturing, Hospitality See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name James. G. Johnson, CPA, PC Dates Employed 1982 – Present Employment Duration 35 yrs Location Ft. Worth, TX Accountant & Tax Professional for Businesses & Individuals Company Name James G. Johnson, CPA, PC Dates Employed 1982 – Present Employment Duration 35 yrs Location Fort Worth, TX Instructor Company Name Small Business Workshops and Classes Dates Employed 1981 – Present Employment Duration 36 yrs Instructor for Small Business workshops and classes in affiliation with the following university continuing education/business programs:Texas Wesleyan University-Fort Worth, TXSt. Edward's University-Austin, TXUniversity of the Incarnate Word-San Antonio, TXUniversity of Houston/Clear Lake-Houston, TXUniversity of Texas at El Paso-El Paso, TXCalifornia Baptist University-Riverside, CACalifornia State University-Los Angeles, CA Controller Company Name Alcon Laboratories, Inc. Dates Employed 1974 – 1982 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Fort Worth, TX Sr. Financial Analyst Company Name Frito Lay Dates Employed 1973 – 1974 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Forth Worth, TX Education Texas Christian University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 The University of Texas at Arlington Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 175 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Dawn Scranton, CQA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 106 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Darryl Oliver and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 93 endorsements for Finance 93 Finance Mitali Dey and 92 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Rosa Meguerian-Faria SJD Candidate - International Economic Law and Policy at University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law May 16, 2011, Gary worked with Rosa but at different companies Rosa Meguerian-Faria Rosa has worked with me in providing a series of classes to small business owners in the EL Paso area. She has been very professional and most competent in coordinating the small business classes and programs.She has been thorough and accurate in all her dealings with me and herefforts have allowed us to provide services to over 1200 small business owners. Sincerely,James Gary Johnson CPA Accomplishments Gary has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Small Business BC 2,013 followers The University of Texas at Arlington 152,788 followers Small Business Today Magazine 10,385 followers Modern Marketing Methods for Accountants 4,093 members QuickBooks Tips & Tricks (2916869) 8,610 members Texas Christian University 61,162 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robin has a account Robin Murphy Senior Tax Accountant at Schneider Downs Schneider Downs DHS Columbus, Ohio 214 214 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Schneider Downs Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Columbus, Ohio Area Specializing in not-for-profit corporation and individual tax compliance. Additional experience with corporate and partnership taxation as well as LIFO calculation for the automotive industry. Tax In-Charge Company Name Schneider Downs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Tax Senior Company Name GBQ Partners Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 15 yrs 6 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Office Manager Company Name Ciuni & Panichi, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 1991 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Education DHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Robin’s colleagues at GBQ Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Tali Berzins and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Robin’s colleagues at GBQ Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Schneider Downs 3,095 followers
More Actions Josh has a account Josh Gray Senior Tax Accountant at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP University of North Carolina at Wilmington Charlotte, North Carolina 449 449 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Josh’s Activity 449 followers I'm very excited to announce that I'm joining the Techstars team as a Program Manager for the Barclays NYC Accelerator! This is exactly the kind of role that I came back to get my MBA for, and I couldn't have done it without all of the experiences from my 2 years at the Kelley School of Business MBA. I can't wait to move back to the East Coast and start this next adventure! Josh liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina • Current Chairman - BDO Counts Committee (Community Service)• Current Chairman - BDO Social Media Committee• Winner of BDO Core Values Award - October 2016• Currently working with Oil and Gas, manufacturing, healthcare and real estate clients. Senior Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina • Actively engaged in over 45 personal, business, investment management clients• Oversaw a team of 12 staff between the US and India• Mentored 4 staff in the US as well as serving as onboarding advisor for several interns• Communicated directly with individual clients and investors for over 2 years• Worked closely with clients to ensure they were receiving the utmost client service possible• Achieved consistent high marks on all reviews from within Deloitte and from clients• Developed an excellent understanding of state nexus and apportionment issues • Coordinated with international team to ensure proper foreign reporting (Form 8865, 5471, 926, etc.) • Assisted with winning new services for our existing clients Tax Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location New York City, New York • Helped with special project for the implementation of a new K-1 allocation software• Assisted with the design of the master footnote template to be used for domestic K-1s packages• Supervised the output of over 2,500 Sch. K-1s for investors of the Master Limited Partnership• Reviewed international disclosure footnotes for several off-shore funds Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Experience with tax compliance for the following:Individual Compliance Services (Form 1040, 1041, 709, 706) • High net worth individuals • Estate, Gift, and Trust planning • Family Office structuringPass-through Compliance Services (Form 1065, 1120-S, Schedule K-1) • Private Equity Funds (2 of the top 5 global PE investment funds) • Real Estate Funds (2 of the top 5 global RE investment funds) • Property Level Real Estate compliance (local, regional, international) Corporate Compliance Services (Form 1120) • Corporate structuring • Transaction advisory services • Consultative restructuring regarding expansion to foreign tax jurisdictionsTax Software Experience:GoSystemsONESource Income TaxCCH AxcessProSystems FxBNA Income Tax PlannerSAGE Fixed Assets Education University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: MSA Executive Board University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Beta Alpha Psi - Executive BoardSigma Nu Fraternity - President 2011, Vice President 2010Cameron Executive Network University of North Carolina at Wilmington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Finance and Financial Management Services Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Beta Alpha Psi - Executive BoardSigma Nu Fraternity - President 2011, Vice President 2010Cameron Executive Network Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 5 endorsements for Time Management 5 Time Management Endorsed by Jim Buda, CPA, CISA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Easily Adaptable See 5 endorsements for Easily Adaptable 5 Easily Adaptable Justin Nicolett and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Interpersonal Skills See 7 endorsements for Interpersonal Skills 7 Interpersonal Skills Holly Shoaf and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cameron School of Business at UNC Wilmington 882 followers BDO USA, LLP 47,374 followers University of North Carolina at Wilmington 56,994 followers
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Richmond Tax Consultant at Professional Tax Services Professional Tax Services University of Denver Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 156 156 connections Send InMail Tax Consultant with experience in state and local taxation and personal and business income taxation. A Certified Member of the Institute (CMI) in sales tax by the Institute for Professionals in Taxation (IPT). Expertise: personal and business income tax preparation and state and local sales and use tax planning, compliance, and audit defense for multi-state businesses including direct selling and multi-level marketing companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Consultant Company Name Professional Tax Services Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Tax consultation services ranging from personal and business income tax to state and local business taxation. A specialty area of advisory includes state and local tax consulting, including sales and use tax, for direct selling and multi-level marketing companies throughout the United States. Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Xcel Energy Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location greater denver area State and local tax compliance, audit defense, and planning. Tax Analyst Company Name Xcel Energy Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Denver, CO Primary responsibilities included sales/use tax and property tax compliance and audit defense. Education University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Grand Valley State University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Criminal Justice/Police Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 6 endorsements for Sales Tax 6 Sales Tax Olga Fujaros and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax Jeff Dionne and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 3 endorsements for Financial Analysis 3 Financial Analysis Olga Fujaros and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Xcel Energy 41,698 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,872 followers Grand Valley State University 85,968 followers Direct Selling Edge 26 members University of Denver 76,523 followers Grand Valley State University 89,241 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Johnson Trusted CPA | Accounting |Tax Planning & Preparation | Business Advisor | QuickBooks Accounting James. G. Johnson, CPA, PC Texas Christian University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Gary has been a practicing Certified Public Accountant since 1979 and started James G. Johnson, CPA, PC in 1982. He particularly enjoys working with small business owners who want to start up a new business or grow an existing business. Gary works closely with business owners to help them create and identify goals and develop a stategic plan for achieving those goals. Gary has nearly 30 years of accounting and finance experience. He graduated from the University of Texas- Arlington with a B.S. and Texas Christian University with an MBA in Accounting. Gary later taught in the accounting departments of both universities. Since 1986, he has been an instructor for Small Business workshops and classes in conjunction with several university school of business programs and authored two workbooks, "How to Start a Profitable and Successful Small Business" and "How to Run a Profitable and Successful Small Business", with 12 corresponding educational CDs. Businesses work with Gary when they need help with: • Business accounting • Tax planning and preparation • Tax compliance • Budgeting and financial projections • QuickBooks set up and maintenance • Starting a business • Incorporations and entity selection • Estate and trust planning • Succession planning • Retirement planning • Financial statements & reporting • Business plan development • Personal financial statements • Estate and trust planning • Cash flow analysis • Strategic business planning • Succession planning • Business process improvement • Management and operations review Specialties: Business consultant and tax planning for proprietorships, partnerships and corporations; accounting, financial and cash flow analysis; merger & acquisition analysis; implementation of cost systems; starting/running small businesses. Industries: Service Providers such as Healthcare, Construction, Real Estate, Automotive, Manufacturing, Hospitality See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name James. G. Johnson, CPA, PC Dates Employed 1982 – Present Employment Duration 35 yrs Location Ft. Worth, TX Accountant & Tax Professional for Businesses & Individuals Company Name James G. Johnson, CPA, PC Dates Employed 1982 – Present Employment Duration 35 yrs Location Fort Worth, TX Instructor Company Name Small Business Workshops and Classes Dates Employed 1981 – Present Employment Duration 36 yrs Instructor for Small Business workshops and classes in affiliation with the following university continuing education/business programs:Texas Wesleyan University-Fort Worth, TXSt. Edward's University-Austin, TXUniversity of the Incarnate Word-San Antonio, TXUniversity of Houston/Clear Lake-Houston, TXUniversity of Texas at El Paso-El Paso, TXCalifornia Baptist University-Riverside, CACalifornia State University-Los Angeles, CA Controller Company Name Alcon Laboratories, Inc. Dates Employed 1974 – 1982 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Fort Worth, TX Sr. Financial Analyst Company Name Frito Lay Dates Employed 1973 – 1974 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Forth Worth, TX Education Texas Christian University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 The University of Texas at Arlington Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 175 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Dawn Scranton, CQA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 106 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Darryl Oliver and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 93 endorsements for Finance 93 Finance Mitali Dey and 92 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Rosa Meguerian-Faria SJD Candidate - International Economic Law and Policy at University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law May 16, 2011, Gary worked with Rosa but at different companies Rosa Meguerian-Faria Rosa has worked with me in providing a series of classes to small business owners in the EL Paso area. She has been very professional and most competent in coordinating the small business classes and programs.She has been thorough and accurate in all her dealings with me and herefforts have allowed us to provide services to over 1200 small business owners. Sincerely,James Gary Johnson CPA Accomplishments Gary has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Small Business Today Magazine 10,385 followers Houston Hamptons, Texas and Global Real Estate Group 1,331 members Tax Planning & Compliance (ALA) 22,918 members HourlyNerd 4,932 followers Zurich North America 74,017 followers Burckhardt Compression 4,343 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joy has a account Joy Criss Tax Accountant at Thorntons Inc. Thorntons Inc. Watterson Louisville, Kentucky Area 71 71 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Joy’s Activity 71 followers Stop Being an Asshole and Put Down Your Phone Joy liked See all activity Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Thorntons Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Assure accurate and timely processing of state and local Sales and Use taxes, Federal Excise & Motor Fuel Taxes for over 184 C-Stores in 6 states;Assure accurate and timely processing of business licenses and permitsMaintain Access Database system for licensesResponsible for updating and maintaining sales tax rates for all store locations across the country.Assist Director of Real Estate in applying for new locations Alcohol licenses & permits Assist Controller with Sales and Use Tax AuditsAssist Controller in set-up of New Fuel Vendors, New stores, and New Fuel Types in Factor Software.Process & Set up all EFT Payments for Federal Excise Taxes and State/Local Taxes.Process Quarterly Highway Use & Weight Distance Returns.Developed and streamlined the processing of all returns.Coordinate with Factor Software programmers all Fuel Taxes required to be filed via EDIPrepare and File all Annual ReportsPrepare and File US Census ReportsProcess and remit payment all all Property TaxesAssist outside third party with filing of appeals for Property Taxes Comptroller Company Name Drennan Equipment Company Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos Manage all financial aspects for four separate companies.Process all A/R, A/P, Payroll, and reconcile GL for EOM close.Job costing and work-in-progress for percentage of completion billing on contract receivables.Manage human resources and administrative duties as needed.File all monthly, quarterly, and annual tax returns. Senior Accountant Company Name The Little Clinic Dates Employed May 2006 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Oversee general ledger reporting software parameters to support all financial statement reporting, new account codes and ad-hoc applications. Create new reports to support regulatory and internal requirements;Coordinate and direct inter-entity reporting, e.g. inter-company accounting;Prepare/review month-end journal entries and prepare financial statements accurately and by due dates.Perform monthly analytical review of operations for assigned department s and clinics.Prepare account reconciliations and analyses, including bank reconciliations for assigned departments and clinics;Review/approve invoices, checks, and related accounts payable transactions for assigned departments and clinics;Assist in the preparation of annual budgets.Maintain understanding of generally accepted accounting principles, tax legislation, SEC regulations and internal controls. Assist in the implementation of new accounting standards.Accurate Automotive Office Manager/Bookkeeper Company Name Accurate Automotive LLC Dates Employed Jun 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Manage all A/P, A/R, payroll, bank reconciliations, payroll taxes, sales tax, and prepare all financial statements;Run front office and book appointments for customers;Prepare customer estimates in Mitchell1 Software; andAssist in advertising and merchant account services decisions. Tax Accountant Company Name Texas Roadhouse Dates Employed 2000 – 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs •Assured accurate and timely processing of state and local sales and use taxes for over 120 restaurants in 35 states;•Responsible for property tax renditions and property tax bills;•Assisted Tax Director with preparation of federal and state income tax returns;•Coordinator for sales and use tax audits;•Responsible for updating and maintaining sales tax rates for all restaurant locations across the country; and•Acted as backup for auditing company expense reports See more positions Education Watterson Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1982 Watterson College Degree Name Accounting Diploma Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 5 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by 3 of Joy’s colleagues at Texas Roadhouse Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Receivable See 5 endorsements for Accounts Receivable 5 Accounts Receivable Endorsed by 2 of Joy’s colleagues at Texas Roadhouse Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Joy’s colleagues at Texas Roadhouse Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Brenda Robison Accounting Manager at Rivera Group June 11, 2010, Brenda worked with Joy in different groups Joy is very motivated and organized. She is very knowledgeable regarding sales taxes. Joy is a "team player" and will go above and beyond to resolve an issues. Brenda Robison Accounting Manager at Rivera Group February 24, 2010, Joy worked with Brenda in different groups Brenda is self-motivated, hard worker. She has excellent organizational skills and superb analytical abilities. Accomplishments Joy has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,152,994 followers Thorntons Inc. 3,428 followers MobileMedTek 89 followers Texas Roadhouse 21,054 followers
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd John Bowes Head of Partner, Director and Board level appointments. TM Global Recruitment University of London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Articles & Activity 8,552 followers VAT ROLES IN DUBAI John Bowes on LinkedIn See 42 more articles vat accountancy big 4 indirect tax John shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name TM Global Recruitment Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom We specialize in International recruitment and have done for 30 years. We aim to provide service levels comparable to top consultancy companies, via open communication and our standard 8am to 8pm, 7 days a week normal business hours. If you are available anywhere in the world, you can reach us any day during our normal hours, you work like that and so do we.We have placed people in jobs in Africa, SE Asia, Australasia, North America, South America, India, China, Europe - in fact we have covered the globe.I am a former Partner in KPMG, and a UK Chartered, qualifying with Deloitte London. I specialized in international corporate tax and worked in London, Africa and SE Asia. I also worked in the mining industry in Africa.Please visit us at tmglobalrecruitment.com Media (1) This position has 1 media Home - TM GLOBAL RECRUITMENT Home - TM GLOBAL RECRUITMENT This media is a link Partner Company Name KPMG ASIA Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 14 yrs Partner Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos International taxBusiness development.Staff management.Brand recognition. Education University of London Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 31 endorsements for Accounting 31 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 34 endorsements for Financial Reporting 34 Financial Reporting James Snowdon and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Restructuring See 9 endorsements for Restructuring 9 Restructuring James Snowdon and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICAEW Interests Audit & Finance Careers Network (AFCN): IIA/ACA/FCA/ACCA/FCCA/CPA/CA, Risk, Tax & Compliance jobs 41,809 members Coeur Mining, Inc. 15,469 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members LAW JOBS NETWORK - #1 Legal Careers Group 314,261 members Public Company Accounting Oversight (PCAOB) 15,860 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members See all See all following
More Actions Kim has a account Kim Tremblay In Search of New Opportunity, Tax or non-tax Paragon Offshore University of Houston-Clear Lake Katy, Texas 319 319 connections Send InMail I am currently in my 17th year of tax experience which includes Federal, State, International, Partnership, S Corp, C Corp, and Foreign Compliance, along with some Sales and Use. I bring an above average skillset in Microsoft products, especially Excel to my next opportunity. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Kim’s Activity International Tax Professionals-we have a few opportunities that we are working on in industry as well as public! If you or someone you know has hit the ceiling in your/their current role and ready for a new challenge contact me @ stacyj@qualitec.com Kim liked See all activity Experience Assistant Manager International Tax Company Name Paragon Offshore Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Reviewed local country tax returns prepared by outside consultants (EY/PwC/Deloitte), including VAT, Withholding, Income, and Asset taxes for Middle East and West Africa divisions, plus Egypt and Israel; Reviewed Texas Margin Tax returns; Prepared Return-to-Provision calculations and entries for Middle East and West Africa divisions; analyzed and reconciled tax accounts; Identified, prepared and filed FATCA related forms including Federal 1042, CRS (Common Reporting Standards), and W8 BENE; Reviewed quarterly accrual calculations for Middle East and West Africa divisions; Maintained relationships between tax department and foreign controllers to facilitate better communication and more accurate data; Organized and managed Worldwide Tax Professional Fee Budget; coordinated with vendors and AP department to assure accurate charges and timely payments; Maintained two legal entity organizational charts; created branch organization chart; Created numerous direct organization charts for various proposed transactions and potential restructuring opportunities; Authored detailed memos on FATCA, Legal Entity Accrual Accounting (became policy), Network Tax Drive Restructuring; Step-by-step instruction guide to analyzing, filing, and paying Texas Sales and Use Tax Tax Advisor - Contract Company Name Undisclosed Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Prepared Federal and State Tax Compliance for company and owner ; Audited books and records to prepare for final filings with IRS and State; Worked with State to clear delinquencies prior to closing company Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Wood Group Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Houston, Texas Area Prepared and filed Federal and State Income Tax Compliance (separate, combined, and consolidated); approximately 50 legal entities and approximately 30 states; Assisted with Federal and State Tax audits; responded to IDR’s, presented material to auditors, worked with Controllers to collect accurate data; mapped trial balance data to Consolidated Tax Returns; Prepared annual accrual and true-up entries to comply with ASC 740; formerly FAS 109; reconciled tax accounts; Created and implemented streamline processes for increased productivity; Mapped accounts from 50+ trial balances for import into Vertex tax software; Prepared quarterly intercompany billing for Federal/State taxes; Trained staff and administrative assistants as needed; Prepared and presented detailed accrual accounting processes at World-wide Controllers Conference to standardize accounting across all divisions; Requested / maintained annual US Residency Certificates Senior International Tax Accountant Company Name Grant Prideco Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Assisted auditor with creating flow charts and documentation of International projects to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley (FAS 109); collected and prepared quarterly International tax accrual in compliance with ASC 740 (formerly FAS 109); updated transfer pricing study annually; coordinated International tax compliance projects; prepared US-International income tax returns; updated Vertex to include historical data and trained personnel on proper software use of Vertex International Compliance Contract Tax Associate Company Name Enron Corp / El Paso Corp Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Prepared US and International Income tax returns See more positions Education University of Houston-Clear Lake Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi member; The Management Association member Double Bachelor Degree; Beta Alpha Psi Member; The Management Association Member San Jacinto College Degree Name Associate of Arts (A.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Lambda President, Alpha Beta Gamma President Phi Beta Lambda President; Alpha Beta Gamma President; organized National PBL conference Volunteer Experience Member Company Name Community Emergengy Response Team (CERT) Dates volunteered Jul 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief CERT educates individuals about disaster preparedness for hazards that may impact their area and trains them in basic disaster response skills, such as fire safety, light search and rescue, team organization, and disaster medical operations. Using training learned in the classroom and during exercises, CERT volunteers can assist others in their community following a disaster when professional responders are not immediately available to help. CERT volunteers are also encouraged to support emergency response agencies by taking an active role in emergency preparedness projects. BOT Campaign Volunteer Company Name KATY INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 6 mos Cause Politics Each year, one or more Board of Trustee seats is up for re-election. I campaign for the best candidate for the district. Current successful campaign record on seats is 14-0. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 26 endorsements for Tax 26 Tax Endorsed by Javier Hernandez Jr., CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kim’s colleagues at Wood Group Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 13 endorsements for International Tax 13 International Tax Endorsed by 4 of Kim’s colleagues at Wood Group Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 13 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 13 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by 5 of Kim’s colleagues at Wood Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kim has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CERT Community Emergency Response Team High-Rise Evacuation Training certified (exp 12-2020) Interests Paragon Offshore 21,755 followers Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members University of Houston-Clear Lake 41,277 followers Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,707 members University of Houston-Clear Lake 36,882 followers CNET 662,136 followers See all See all following
More Actions John S. has a account John S. Smith Manager of Business Development at Global Tax Management Global Tax Management Temple University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant in PA/New Jersey Member of AICPA and PICPA Member of PICPA Tax Committee - Phila Chapter Highlights Experience Senior Manager of Business Development Company Name Global Tax Management Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Malvern, PA Marketing Manager Company Name The GTM Group Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Marketing Manager Company Name Global Tax Management, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Tax Manager - Generalist Group Company Name The GTM Group Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Tax Manager Company Name The EMI Group Dates Employed May 1994 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 7 yrs See more positions Education Temple University Degree Name MS - Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Temple University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 36 endorsements for Tax 36 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 20 endorsements for Tax Accounting 20 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Michael K. Williams, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 16 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 16 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by 4 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Scott Balestrier Experienced professional services business developer, Corporate tax consultant , Entrepreneur April 3, 2014, John S. worked with Scott in different groups Scott has so many relationships in all areas of tax .... Business Development comes easily to him because of these friendships and trust ! Accomplishments John S. has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations New Jersey Society of CPA's Alzheimers Association Interests Global Tax Management 1,963 followers The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Bryn Mawr Trust 4,292 followers Temple University 192,613 followers GMS Surgent CPAs & Advisors 136 followers Temple University Alumni Group 22,285 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Axel Tax Director at Deloitte Deloitte San Francisco State University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Director Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 5 mos Tax Consultant Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Jan 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education San Francisco State University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 19 endorsements for Corporate Tax 19 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Darryl Delmonico and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Endorsed by Darryl Delmonico, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Matt’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 15 endorsements for Tax Accounting 15 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Rita Chan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Matt’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Annie's Inc. 18,199 followers Deloitte 2,201,912 followers Caesars Palace 6,916 followers LeapFrog 10,169 followers Playtika 11,473 followers Men's Wearhouse 18,557 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Curry Tax Accountant, AFSP & Financial Advisor Marshall Financial Group, of Ohio Ohio Wesleyan University Columbus, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Licensed for Life, Health & Disability Insurances. Experienced Income Tax Practitioner for Personal & Small Business return preparation & planning. Knowledgeable Pension, 401k, 403b & Retirement plans Rollover consultant. Quickbooks ProAdvisor, and Small Business Start-up advisor. Passionate about Financial Literacy, especially for youth and have volunteered time to teach school-age children about Origins of Money, Spending & Saving, Assets & Liabilities, Money Goals, IOU's (Borrowing), and Banking. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 1,009 followers Jackie Robinson - "A life is not important except in the impact it has on other's lives." #becomeabetternetworker #overcomeyourfears #increaseyourinfluence #growyourbusiness #impactyourcommunity #changetheworld #connected #networker #chrisborja Paul liked Four habits to help make your dream a reality Paul liked Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's Paul commented See all activity Experience CEO Company Name Marshall Financial Group, of Ohio Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Independent Financial Planning services for Individuals &amp; Business. Investments, Insurance, Retirement planning, Estate &amp; Tax Advisory services. Licensed in 8 states for Life &amp; Health Insurance, hold Investment Licenses (6 &amp; 63) and IAR (Investment Advisor Representative) designation. IAR Company Name Hardiman Investment Management Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area I assisted my individual and business clients to develop investment and financial plans, implement and review those plans, and monitor their investment portfolios. I provided recommendations that were suitable and custom-made for them, providing full and fair disclosure of all relevant facts, including potential conflicts of interest. I utilize several independent money management platforms to achieve results for my clients while controlling management fee costs for them. Investment Advisor Representative Company Name Woodbury Financial Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos I assisted my individual and business clients to develop investment and financial plans, implement and review those plans, and monitor their investment portfolios. I provided recommendations that were suitable and custom-made for them, providing full and fair disclosure of all relevant facts, including potential conflicts of interest. Registered Representative Company Name New York Life Dates Employed Oct 1992 – Feb 2006 Employment Duration 13 yrs 5 mos Marketing, Planning & Client service for Life Insurance, Annuity, Mutual Fund & Long-Term Care products. Education Ohio Wesleyan University Field Of Study Economics, Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Westbury H.S. Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1976 Franklin University Volunteer Experience Vice President Company Name A+Arts Academy-Board Dates volunteered Jun 2009 – Jun 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 117 endorsements for Investments 99+ Investments Endorsed by ✰Louis A. Simpson, MBA, PhD✰, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 102 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Steven Carter and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at New York Life Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Annuities See 97 endorsements for Fixed Annuities 97 Fixed Annuities Endorsed by ✰Louis A. Simpson, MBA, PhD✰, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Eriyah Flynn Executive Director at Vegan Shift November 19, 2009, Eriyah was a client of Paul’s I've been doing business with Paul since I moved to Columbus and working with him has always been a pleasurable experience. He really cares about delivering the best service and clearly, after nearly 10 years of doing business with him, he is a trusted financial and tax advisor. Mr. Micheal Cudgel President; Senior Infrastructure Specialist October 11, 2012, Paul was a client of Mr. Micheal’s Michael is the complete IT Professional who has been very helpful with not only solving problems, but also some great future planning. Peter Kowalski Basketball Official March 9, 2012, Paul was a client of Peter’s Pete has been a superior insurance service provider for years. I would highly recommend him for anyone who appreciates a high level of excellence in business. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Paul has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations A+ Arts Academy Urban Cultural Arts Foundation Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Investment Advisor Representative (IAR) Paul has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Federal Tax I Paul has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award AFSP Paul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Jim KimJim Kim is a LinkedIn Influencer President at The World Bank 1,480,166 followers Creative Uses of Life Insurance 4,702 members Health, Fitness, Nutrition Anti-aging Tools and Secrets 52,638 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,879 followers Ohio Wesleyan University Alumni & Friends 5,053 members Parasol Leads 2,276 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mary Jane has a account Mary Jane Campbell Author at Self-Employed Author Campbell's Consulting Ohio University West Union, Ohio 233 233 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Campbell's Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Campbell's Consulting - West Union, OH After the Law Office of Danny R. Bubp closed due to Danny being elected as Probate/Juvenile Judge for Brown County, I opened my own Bookkeeping and Tax Service at the 307 N. Market Street location. owner Company Name deweylikesstamps.com Dates Employed Dec 2003 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 7 mos Location P.O. Box 218, West Union, OH 45693 Own on-line site and sell on eBay as deweylikesstamps. I sell coins, stamps, bottle, books and misc items. Author Company Name Self-Employed Author Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos I write a weekly art article featuring artisits, quilt blocks and knit/crochet patterns. I also write the "Dear Miss Needles" question and answer weekly column for local newspaper "The Informer". I have been doing this since mid 2012. Owner Company Name Campbell's Collectibles Dates Employed Jan 1989 – Present Employment Duration 28 yrs 6 mos Accountant/Paralegal, Office Manager Company Name Bubp Law Offices Dates Employed 2003 – 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs Location West Union & Georgetown, OH Was a paralegal, an accountant and severed as Office Manager for many years. See more positions Education Ohio University Degree Name Bachelor of Specialized Studies Field Of Study Accounting, Social Work, Business Management Grade Graduated with Honor Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Hocking Technical College Degree Name Associate Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Computer Science Grade Graduated with Highest Honor Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Published Author See 10 endorsements for Published Author 10 Published Author Bethany Smart and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Novels See 7 endorsements for Novels 7 Novels Endorsed by Myra Nour and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Freelance Writing See 5 endorsements for Freelance Writing 5 Freelance Writing Bethany Smart and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,713 followers Numismatists 3,656 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,878 followers Ohio University 159,610 followers Joel MakowerJoel Makower is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and Executive Editor at GreenBiz Group 85,398 followers Ohio University 164,904 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stefka has a account Stefka Zaharieva CPA, CGA Accountant . University of Ottawa Ottawa, Canada Area 100 100 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name . Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Accounting services for small businesses and non-profit organizations Staff Accountant Company Name MacLarty and Co. Dates Employed 2003 – 2003 Employment Duration less than a year Staff Accountant Company Name Welch & Company LLP Dates Employed 2001 – 2001 Employment Duration less than a year Staff Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed 2000 – 2000 Employment Duration less than a year Education University of Ottawa Degree Name B.Comm Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Simon Berry and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 8 endorsements for Small Business 8 Small Business Simon Berry and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Simon Berry and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests SpringAhead Community Forum 638 members Anthony Robbins Tools & Strategies 1,641 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,698 members University of Ottawa Alumni / Anciens - 1800+ Members 7,337 members University of Ottawa 131,216 followers Canadian Accountants 1,187 members See all See all following
More Actions Amber has a account Amber Monaghan, CPA Director at BlumShapiro BlumShapiro University of Hartford Hartford, Connecticut Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name BlumShapiro Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Saslow Lufkin & Buggy, LLP Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax Manager Company Name CohnReznick LLP Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name Walsh, Merrill & Brousseau, PC Dates Employed Nov 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos See more positions Education University of Hartford Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2010 University of Connecticut School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by Ray Moncrieffe and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amber’s colleagues at BlumShapiro Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ray Moncrieffe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Crowe Horwath LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 18 endorsements for Tax Research 18 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Amber’s colleagues at Crowe Horwath LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CPA & Business Professional Group 79,165 members Connecticut Innovations 1,568 followers Amazon 2,282,880 followers Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P. 798 followers Alma Realty Corp 280 followers Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim McKay Tax Manager at Lakeside Financial Group Lakeside Financial Group Mt. Hood Community College Portland, Oregon Area 13 13 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Lakeside Financial Group Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Gresham, Oregon Individual, Corporate, Partnership, Non-Profit Income Tax preparation, Tax Planning, Bookkeeping, Payroll, Project Management, Consulting and Supervising Staff. Staff Accountant Company Name Jerome J. McKay, CPA Dates Employed Jun 1982 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 29 yrs 4 mos Location Gresham, Oregon Corporate, Partnership and Indivdual Income tax preparation, Payroll, Bookkeeping and Supervise Staff. Sales Company Name Valberg Lumber, Inc. Dates Employed 1978 – 1981 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Estacada, Oregon Floor sales, Deliveries and stocking/ordering Inventory. Education Mt. Hood Community College Field Of Study Accounting and Taxes Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Shasta College Field Of Study Accounting and Taxes Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 Clackamas High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mt. Hood Community College 16,327 followers Lakeside Financial Group 34 followers Shasta College 11,378 followers Shasta College 10,995 followers Mt. Hood Community College 15,631 followers
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Curry Tax Accountant, AFSP & Financial Advisor Marshall Financial Group, of Ohio Ohio Wesleyan University Columbus, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Licensed for Life, Health & Disability Insurances. Experienced Income Tax Practitioner for Personal & Small Business return preparation & planning. Knowledgeable Pension, 401k, 403b & Retirement plans Rollover consultant. Quickbooks ProAdvisor, and Small Business Start-up advisor. Passionate about Financial Literacy, especially for youth and have volunteered time to teach school-age children about Origins of Money, Spending & Saving, Assets & Liabilities, Money Goals, IOU's (Borrowing), and Banking. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 1,009 followers Jackie Robinson - "A life is not important except in the impact it has on other's lives." #becomeabetternetworker #overcomeyourfears #increaseyourinfluence #growyourbusiness #impactyourcommunity #changetheworld #connected #networker #chrisborja Paul liked Four habits to help make your dream a reality Paul liked Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's Paul commented See all activity Experience CEO Company Name Marshall Financial Group, of Ohio Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Independent Financial Planning services for Individuals &amp; Business. Investments, Insurance, Retirement planning, Estate &amp; Tax Advisory services. Licensed in 8 states for Life &amp; Health Insurance, hold Investment Licenses (6 &amp; 63) and IAR (Investment Advisor Representative) designation. IAR Company Name Hardiman Investment Management Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area I assisted my individual and business clients to develop investment and financial plans, implement and review those plans, and monitor their investment portfolios. I provided recommendations that were suitable and custom-made for them, providing full and fair disclosure of all relevant facts, including potential conflicts of interest. I utilize several independent money management platforms to achieve results for my clients while controlling management fee costs for them. Investment Advisor Representative Company Name Woodbury Financial Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos I assisted my individual and business clients to develop investment and financial plans, implement and review those plans, and monitor their investment portfolios. I provided recommendations that were suitable and custom-made for them, providing full and fair disclosure of all relevant facts, including potential conflicts of interest. Registered Representative Company Name New York Life Dates Employed Oct 1992 – Feb 2006 Employment Duration 13 yrs 5 mos Marketing, Planning & Client service for Life Insurance, Annuity, Mutual Fund & Long-Term Care products. Education Ohio Wesleyan University Field Of Study Economics, Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Westbury H.S. Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1976 Franklin University Volunteer Experience Vice President Company Name A+Arts Academy-Board Dates volunteered Jun 2009 – Jun 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 117 endorsements for Investments 99+ Investments Endorsed by ✰Louis A. Simpson, MBA, PhD✰, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 102 endorsements for Small Business 99+ Small Business Endorsed by Steven Carter and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at New York Life Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Annuities See 97 endorsements for Fixed Annuities 97 Fixed Annuities Endorsed by ✰Louis A. Simpson, MBA, PhD✰, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Eriyah Flynn Executive Director at Vegan Shift November 19, 2009, Eriyah was a client of Paul’s I've been doing business with Paul since I moved to Columbus and working with him has always been a pleasurable experience. He really cares about delivering the best service and clearly, after nearly 10 years of doing business with him, he is a trusted financial and tax advisor. Mr. Micheal Cudgel President; Senior Infrastructure Specialist October 11, 2012, Paul was a client of Mr. Micheal’s Michael is the complete IT Professional who has been very helpful with not only solving problems, but also some great future planning. Peter Kowalski Basketball Official March 9, 2012, Paul was a client of Peter’s Pete has been a superior insurance service provider for years. I would highly recommend him for anyone who appreciates a high level of excellence in business. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Paul has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations A+ Arts Academy Urban Cultural Arts Foundation Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Investment Advisor Representative (IAR) Paul has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Federal Tax I Paul has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award AFSP Paul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Ohio Wesleyan University 17,396 followers Creative Uses of Life Insurance 4,702 members Windsor Group Sourcing Advisory 340 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,250,953 followers Robert L. ReynoldsRobert L. Reynolds is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Putnam Investments and Great-West Financial, author of the upcoming book "From Here to Security" 149,334 followers BenefitsPRO 33,677 members See all See all following
More Actions John S. has a account John S. Smith Manager of Business Development at Global Tax Management Global Tax Management Temple University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Certified Public Accountant in PA/New Jersey Member of AICPA and PICPA Member of PICPA Tax Committee - Phila Chapter Highlights Experience Senior Manager of Business Development Company Name Global Tax Management Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Malvern, PA Marketing Manager Company Name The GTM Group Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Marketing Manager Company Name Global Tax Management, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Tax Manager - Generalist Group Company Name The GTM Group Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Tax Manager Company Name The EMI Group Dates Employed May 1994 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 7 yrs See more positions Education Temple University Degree Name MS - Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Temple University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 36 endorsements for Tax 36 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 20 endorsements for Tax Accounting 20 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Michael K. Williams, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 16 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 16 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by 4 of John S.’s colleagues at Global Tax Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Scott Balestrier Experienced professional services business developer, Corporate tax consultant , Entrepreneur April 3, 2014, John S. worked with Scott in different groups Scott has so many relationships in all areas of tax .... Business Development comes easily to him because of these friendships and trust ! Accomplishments John S. has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations New Jersey Society of CPA's Alzheimers Association Interests Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA) 13,196 members Pennsylvania Tax Professionals 1,110 members Tax Executives/Professionals 5,886 members Irish Network Philly 460 members The Albano Group, LLC 22 followers Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 969 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amber has a account Amber Monaghan, CPA Director at BlumShapiro BlumShapiro University of Hartford Hartford, Connecticut Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name BlumShapiro Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Crowe Horwath LLP Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Senior Tax Manager Company Name Saslow Lufkin & Buggy, LLP Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Tax Manager Company Name CohnReznick LLP Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name Walsh, Merrill & Brousseau, PC Dates Employed Nov 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos See more positions Education University of Hartford Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2010 University of Connecticut School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by Ray Moncrieffe and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amber’s colleagues at BlumShapiro Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 25 endorsements for Corporate Tax 25 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ray Moncrieffe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amber’s colleagues at Crowe Horwath LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 18 endorsements for Tax Research 18 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Amber’s colleagues at Crowe Horwath LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CyberCoders 169,728 followers The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Starbucks 801,557 followers CohnReznick Alumni 812 members PADGETT BUSINESS SERVICES® 2,763 followers The Motley Fool 149,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stefka has a account Stefka Zaharieva CPA, CGA Accountant . University of Ottawa Ottawa, Canada Area 100 100 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name . Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Accounting services for small businesses and non-profit organizations Staff Accountant Company Name MacLarty and Co. Dates Employed 2003 – 2003 Employment Duration less than a year Staff Accountant Company Name Welch & Company LLP Dates Employed 2001 – 2001 Employment Duration less than a year Staff Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed 2000 – 2000 Employment Duration less than a year Education University of Ottawa Degree Name B.Comm Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Simon Berry and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 8 endorsements for Small Business 8 Small Business Simon Berry and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Simon Berry and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members University of Ottawa Alumni / Anciens - 1800+ Members 7,337 members SpringAhead Community Forum 638 members Canadian Accountants 1,187 members Anthony Robbins Tools & Strategies 1,641 members University of Ottawa 131,216 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qiaoyan has a account Qiaoyan Chen Corporate Tax Accountant Dillards Henderson State University Little Rock, Arkansas 63 63 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Corporate Tax Accountant Company Name Dillards Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Area • Create financial statements and 11-K for Dillard’s Investment & Employee Stock Ownership Plan. • Assist external auditors with samples testing during annual Dillard's 401(k) audit.• File Form 5500 for all Dillard’s 401k, Pension, and Benefit Plans.• Prepare state and city income tax returns in a timely manner.• Compute taxable fringe benefit on personal use of business aircraft. • Assist in quarterly tax provisions by creating M-1 entries to reconcile books to tax basis. • Assist with LIFO inventory analysis.• Perform annual inventory audit at various stores.• Prepare and create invoices for quarterly Dillard's private label design fees. • Prepare quarterly Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) Testing for Dillard's 401(k) plan. • Prepare quarterly Closely Held Test.• Perform special projects assigned by managers and directors. Accountant Company Name Foster & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Hot Springs, Arkansas • Keep financial records and reconcile the financial accounts to ensure they are duly balanced. • Process monthly sales/use tax compliance obligations.• Respond to sales/use tax inquiries from internal and external customers.• Prepare payroll schedules.• Carry out monthly Bank Reconciliations. Tutor at Student Support Services Company Name Henderson State University Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Arkadelphia, AR • Employed new approaches to Accounting and Qualitative Analysis to explain subject in multiple ways• Stimulate interest in subject by overcoming intimidation Education Henderson State University Degree Name Bachelor's in Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.77/4.0 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Henderson International Student Association, School of Business Club at Henderson, Quiz Bowl for Business Majors. Volunteer Experience Community Volunteers Company Name Reddie to Serve Day Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Sep 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Reddie to Serve Day focuses on community people that are in need of assistance such as the disabled, senior citizens, single parent homes and non-profit organizations. Volunteers do yard work, cleaning, and general labor projects as well as litter pick-up and small maintenance projects. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 6 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Qiaoyan’s colleagues at Henderson State University Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 5 endorsements for QuickBooks 5 QuickBooks Endorsed by 3 of Qiaoyan’s colleagues at Henderson State University Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 4 endorsements for PowerPoint 4 PowerPoint Sam Vasanthan and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qiaoyan has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Accounting Advanced Auditing Business Communication Business Statistics Cost Accounting Federal Income Tax Financial Accounting Managerial Accounting Non-for-profit Accounting Operations Management Qiaoyan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Qiaoyan has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award First place team at Business Quiz Bowl Qiaoyan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Beta Gamma Sigma Interests Accounting Clerk 31,277 members Hirespin 116,840 members AICPA 60,329 followers Accounting Services 9,168 members Accounting Jobs and Jobseekers 124,509 members Almatis 2,045 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Smith Managing Member, Smith & Company,LLC d.b.a. dcs ACCOUNTING & TAX SERVICES Smith & Company, LLC d.b.a. dcs ACCOUNTING & TAX SERVICES The University of Akron Hellertown, Pennsylvania 169 169 connections Send InMail 25+ Years CPA experience. *Performs Reviews and Compiliations of books and records. *Specialty tax services for high net worth individuals. *Prepares Business and Individual and Not for Profit income tax returns. *Tax planning and due date monitoring *Audit support and working with the IRS in completing prior years income tax returns. *Bookeeping services and payroll services also provided. *QuickBooks setup and installation. *Resolving IRS issues and filing prior year tax returns. Certifications: Advanced Certified Quickbooks Proadvisor, Intuit Certified Proadvisor 2015,2014,2013,2012,2011,2010,2009 Desktop Versions. Intuit Certified Proadvisor for QuickBooks Online. Intuit Certified Proadvisor for Point of Sale Business tax planning. Working with IRS and filing prior year tax returns. Not for Profit compilation and reviews and tax return preparation. New Business Startups See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Member Company Name Smith & Company, LLC d.b.a. dcs ACCOUNTING & TAX SERVICES Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Hellertown, Pennsylvania Manages operations and completes tax and accounting services for clients Senior Accountant Company Name Abraham Borda & Co Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Easton, Pennsylvania Prepared individual, partnership, C Corporation, S Corporation tax returnsCompleted compilation and review engagementsTax planning for high net worth individualsManaged all aspects of client accountsResearched tax issuesCompleted returns using Prosystem FX software in conjunction with Prosystem Engagement softwareHandeled IRS and other state and local audits Communicated various issues with clients Staff Accountant Company Name Molinari Oswald LLC Dates Employed Nov 1997 – May 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Center Valley, Pennsylvania Prepared individual, partnership, C corporation, S corporation tax returnsCompleted fiduciary and inheritance tax returnsManaged client write-upCommunicated with clients and IRS Junior Accountant Company Name Lang, Faylor, Arner Dates Employed Aug 1988 – Nov 1997 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Location Allentown, Pennsylvania Area Prepared individual, partnership, C corporationS corporation tax returnsSet up accounts payable and check disbursement systemsAnalyzed and reconciled general ledger accountsCompleted pension plan audits Completed form 5500Assisted with school and municipal audits Assistant Controller Company Name Wyndham Baking Products, Inc Dates Employed Jun 1987 – May 1988 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Akron, Ohio Completed month end close on G/L systemsProduced financial reporting packageCalculated budgetsPrepared bank reconciliationsComputed inter-company journal entriesLiaison between parent and subsidiary companiesReviewed quarterly physical inventories and reconciled differences with computer records See more positions Education The University of Akron Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1985 Studied Accounting and prepared for the CPA exam. Focus was on public accounting and taking additional coursework to better prepare for the CPA exam. Archbishop Hoban High School Degree Name High School Diploma Field Of Study College prep Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Activities and Societies: Cross Country running,Electronics Club College Prep. Volunteer Experience Finance Council Company Name St. Theresa RC church Dates volunteered Jul 2009 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 7 yrs 1 mo Lector Company Name St Theresa RC Church Dates volunteered Jul 2003 – Present Volunteer duration 14 yrs Reader at church services Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Werner Reinartz and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Werner Reinartz and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 17 endorsements for QuickBooks 17 QuickBooks Endorsed by Maria Smith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (2) Reginald Reglus President at The Reglus Group, LLC January 11, 2012, Reginald was a client of David’s David is an excellent, caring accountant. I had David prepare my mother's tax returns and my tax returns. David is the consummate professional but he is also very personable. David went the extra mile to ensure that we both experienced the best possible outcome. This year, I plan to have David provide his services for my business as well. Alan Zerbe Creative Director/Art Director/Graphic Designer at Alan Zerbe Creative December 30, 2011, Alan was a client of David’s Dave understands what small businesses need from an accounting perspective. He also has shown he cares deeply about my business and personal success. If you are in need of an accountant for your business or just your annual taxes I would highly recommend Dave from DCS Accounting. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Michael Blake President-Pro Form Printing, Inc. 34 years printing/marketing experience December 19, 2012, David was a client of Michael’s From beginning to end Michael work promptly and efficiently. He responded to any changes and questions we had immediately. He provides excellent work at a reasonable price. Alan Zerbe Creative Director/Art Director/Graphic Designer at Alan Zerbe Creative December 30, 2011, David was a client of Alan’s Alan designed our logo in 2010. The logo was very creative, distinctive, well thought out and in keeping with the theme we had in mind. We are very pleased with the result and use the logo in all of our marketing, mailings etc. I would definitely recommend Alan to anyone that is in need of creative advertising, graphic design, brand identity. Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant David has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Parker Tax Publishing 315 followers U.S. Accounting Services, Inc. 14,022 followers The University of Akron 105,695 followers Lehigh Valley Business Group 4,484 members The University of Akron 108,775 followers
More Actions Jim has a account Jim McKay Tax Manager at Lakeside Financial Group Lakeside Financial Group Mt. Hood Community College Portland, Oregon Area 13 13 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Lakeside Financial Group Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Gresham, Oregon Individual, Corporate, Partnership, Non-Profit Income Tax preparation, Tax Planning, Bookkeeping, Payroll, Project Management, Consulting and Supervising Staff. Staff Accountant Company Name Jerome J. McKay, CPA Dates Employed Jun 1982 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 29 yrs 4 mos Location Gresham, Oregon Corporate, Partnership and Indivdual Income tax preparation, Payroll, Bookkeeping and Supervise Staff. Sales Company Name Valberg Lumber, Inc. Dates Employed 1978 – 1981 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Estacada, Oregon Floor sales, Deliveries and stocking/ordering Inventory. Education Mt. Hood Community College Field Of Study Accounting and Taxes Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Shasta College Field Of Study Accounting and Taxes Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 Clackamas High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Lakeside Financial Group 34 followers Shasta College 10,995 followers Shasta College 11,378 followers Mt. Hood Community College 15,630 followers Mt. Hood Community College 16,327 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Gordon Aggressive Tax Attorney, Business Litigation, FTC and IRS Defense, Corporate Counsel Gordon Law Group, Ltd. Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: - Tax compliance and litigation - New business formation - Performance evaluation and valuation services - Business advisor Highlights Follow Follow Andrew’s Activity 985 followers PathTradingPartners on Twitter Andrew liked Ethereum's Boy King Is Thinking About Giving Up the Mantle - Motherboard Andrew liked Amazon is paying $17 billion for Whole Foods i.e. nearly as much as I do Andrew liked See all activity Experience President Company Name Gordon Law Group, Ltd. Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Multiple locations Assist clients in corporate and tax law controversies and litigation. Law Clerk Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Chicago • Authored segments of stipulations of facts, pre trial memos, post trial memos, drafted opinions on Offers in Compromise, Innocent Spouse claims, and Alter-Ego/Nominee liens and levies • Researched complex tax and procedural issued with written advice memorandum submitted to management and National Headquarters in Washington, DC• Active in all stages of pre trial litigation of $500k fraud case tried in September 2011, including meetings with opposing counsel, drafting subpoenas, stipulation of facts, the pre-trial memo, and involved in discussions on trial strategy and case law• Participated in and questioned two main witnesses in Tax Court fraud trial in September 2011. Tax Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Prepared tax returns for individuals, high net worth clients, estates and businesses. Legal Intern Company Name Low Income Taxpayer Clinic Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Represented clients in pre-trial negotiations against IRS Counsel and Enforcement Agents, which resulted in the reduction of taxpayer liability by nearly halfSuccessfully represented a taxpayer position to be granted &quot;currently non-collectible&quot; status by the IRS, suspending all tax levies and the collection of $50k in taxes owedAuthored and submitted Tax Court petitions on behalf of taxpayers contesting IRS assessmentsReconstructed prior year tax returns through bank deposit analysis when no records of transactions existed Project Officer Intern Company Name Midwest Trade Adjustment Assistance Center Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Sought potential clients to receive Department of Commerce grants by establishing relationships with Chicago banks and accounting firmsResearched and wrote Adjustment Proposals; suggested investments to increase the company's profitability, which were sent to the Department of Commerce for approval and fundingEnsured client compliance with Economic Development Administration regulations, resulting in 100% grant acceptance ratePerformed analysis and review of clients' financial statements to determine potential grant success See more positions Education Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name Master of Accounting Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Business Honors, Students in Free Enterprise - President Adlai E Stevenson Featured Skills & Endorsements Legal Writing See 38 endorsements for Legal Writing 38 Legal Writing Endorsed by Jeremy Danney, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law See 29 endorsements for Tax Law 29 Tax Law Endorsed by Jonathan Decatorsmith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Litigation See 29 endorsements for Litigation 29 Litigation Endorsed by Jeremy Danney, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Sunni Massey, PMP Federal Program Officer at NIST MEP April 12, 2011, Sunni managed Andrew directly Andrew worked on our team in 2007 as an intern in the Performance and National Programs Division. From the beginning, I knew his educational background and creativeness would go a long way in support of our efforts. From the outset, Andrew not only assisted with the review of firm adjustment proposals (business plans), but also began examining ways to improve our petition review process. I was always confident in Andrew’s abilities which allowed me to focus on other aspects of the program. His poise and attention to detail helped in our efforts to continuously improve our program. I would work with him again on any project. Mike Seal Service Parts Materials Leader - MR at GE Healthcare January 13, 2013, Andrew managed Mike directly Michael far exceeded my expectations in every task completed at the Gordon Law Group. His strong attention to detail, desire to learn, and financial and technical knowledge, made him an excellent member of our team. He was able to conquer any task presented to him, no matter how difficult. I strongly recommend Michael for employment. Accomplishments Andrew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,541 followers Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology 10,753 followers Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology 10,491 followers Internal Revenue Service 48,515 followers Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Unofficial] 6,618 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,769 followers See all See all following
More Actions Baby has a account Baby Beltran TAX ACCOUNTANT MIRAMAR COLLEGE SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA Las Vegas, Nevada 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience TAX ACCOUNTANT Company Name Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 6 mos LOAN TEAM MANAGER Company Name FIRST UNITED MORTGAGE Dates Employed May 2005 – May 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo To provide New Programs and loan products for Loan Officers, Loan Processor, train new hires of basic loan application forms, how to qualify borrowers to purchase, refinance also how to provide excellent customer service. Education MIRAMAR COLLEGE SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) Field Of Study NURSING Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 St Columban College - Zambales Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Teresa C Del Rosario has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law Tax Law No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation Tax Preparation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Kerry has a account Kerry Atlas VP Finance and IT at NetPlus Alliance NetPlus Alliance State University of New York at Buffalo - School of Management Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 354 354 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience VP Finance and IT Company Name NetPlus Alliance Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Lockport, NY Vice President of Finance and ITOversees the strategy and direction of finance and IT departments. Responsible for developing and executing short and long term goals within these departments, in an effort to streamline operations to create efficiencies, reduce redundancy and improve accuracy, all in an effort to improve the experience of our members. The NetPlus Alliance Core Values: Value RelationshipsBe Accountable for ResultsGrow TogetherEmbrace ChangeBe NimbleKeep it RollingBe Honest and GenuineProvide GuidanceBe the BestDo the Right Things, RightNetPlus Alliance is a buying group for industrial and contractor supplies distributors. NetPlus Alliance enables distributors to grow their bottom-line net profit through negotiated rebate and pricing programs. Manufacturers and wholesalers benefit by increasing market share among NetPlus Members through joint marketing and sales programs. NetPlus Alliance is committed to developing strong business relationships between distributors and manufacturers of industrial and construction supplies. Project Manager - Finance, Cross-Departmental Support Company Name Tops Markets Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Cross functional finance manager whose primary function is to initiate and help implement Merchandising, Operational and Marketing projects. Providing finance, accounting and analysis support to the Leadership and Executive teams. Heavily involved in Budgeting, ROIs, and acquisition and new store openings.• Project Manager responsible for bridging the gap between the different functional areas of the business and initiating, coordinating and implementing cost saving and efficiency initiatives. • Primary finance contact for merchandising teams, providing information and analysis necessary to make business decisions. Provides analysis and interpretation of financial data in order to appraise operating results in terms of profitability, performance against budget/forecast and other matters bearing on the fiscal soundness of certain initiatives across all selling departments and our marketing team.• Responsible for developing the sales, margin and shrink budgets for all selling departments and all locations. $2.5 billion in sales and 161 stores. Provides support to merchandising directors in developing their weekly and monthly financial projections.• Provides ad hoc financial information to the Executive decision makers. Manager of Store Inventory Accounting Company Name Tops Markets Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Leads a team of staff accountants involved in the accounting for store inventory of 165 corporately owned and franchise supermarkets with over $2.5B in annual sales and approximately $145M in inventory: hired, trained, and developed direct reports. Direct functional areas including Inventory Control and Accounting, and previously Internal Financial Reporting and Financial Systems Administration (Hyperion Essbase included). Responsible for monitoring and analyzing gross profit and shrink results for 13 selling departments for all stores (including Rx and Fuel), and a key member of the financial team for acquistions and new stores. Implements significant initiatives to maintain industry competitiveness including a move from financial non-perishable inventory counts to UPC and the scanning of our perishable inventories versus a manual one.Certified financial trainer and presentation facilitator. Financial Systems Administrator/Manager of Internal Financial Reporting Company Name Tops Markets Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs 7 mos Location Williamsville, NY Comprehensive database management of all internal financial systems including (but not limited to) Hyperion Essbase, general ledger and stock ledger systems, upload and detailed data query systems. Created and distributed internal financial reports to 129 corporate locations and 5 franchise locations. Participated in the compilation of board of directors quarterly presentations. Manager of Accounting and Payroll Company Name Olympus Gym Dates Employed Sep 1996 – Jul 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Northern Virginia Managed all financial aspects of the business, including investments, bank accounts, payroll, AP and AR, and membership dues for a privately owned chain of fitness clubs in Northern Virginia, DC and Southern Maryland. Education State University of New York at Buffalo - School of Management Degree Name Executive MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: With Distinction Member of Beta Gamma Sigma Liberty University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business and Finance Queensbury High School Degree Name Regents Diploma Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 31 endorsements for Accounting 31 Accounting Endorsed by 14 of Kerry’s colleagues at Tops Markets Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 22 endorsements for General Ledger 22 General Ledger Endorsed by Dave Prisaznuk C.P.A., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Kerry’s colleagues at Tops Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 17 endorsements for Payroll 17 Payroll Endorsed by 6 of Kerry’s colleagues at Tops Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Dan Wilson GTM Planning and Operations at Cisco Systems February 27, 2012, Kerry and Dan were students together I have a great deal of respect and admiration for Dan. Dan has the attributes of a strong executive leader with unwavering dedication and values. He is intellectual, charismatic, and self-motivated; among other skills, these traits help any team achieve a myriad of objectives. Dan is a flexible, creative, and innovative leader. In addition to Dan's strong leadership skills and consistent vision, I found Dan to be one of the most analytical people I have ever worked with. His commitment to excellence and his drive toward success would make him an asset to any team. I miss working with him on a regular basis because his enthusiasm encouraged me to always do better. I welcome any opportunity to work with Dan again in the future. Accomplishments Interests NetPlus Alliance 193 followers Operations Manager 227,303 members Tops Markets 6,315 followers University at Buffalo School of Management, The State University of New York 24,310 followers University at Buffalo Executive MBA Program 168 followers Liberty University 125,972 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aladdin has a account Aladdin Connolly Accounting and Tax Professional Greater Boston Area 120 120 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 19 endorsements for Customer Service 19 Customer Service Adriana Nunes and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Joshua Kempeneer and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing See 13 endorsements for Marketing 13 Marketing Hope Robillard and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Nguyen Managing Partner at Nguyen & Company, CPA Nguyen & Company, CPA California State University-Los Angeles Orange County, California Area 341 341 connections Send InMail Nguyen & Company, CPA is an Orange County CPA firm that specializes in accounting, tax planning and Controller/CFO services for small businesses. As a centrally located CPA firm in Costa Mesa, we work with a wide variety of business owners. We have the practical experience to help your business refine internal controls and processes to eliminate unnecessary expenses and keep more of your profits. We understand that each client has different needs so we take the time to get to know you and your business in order to build a long-lasting relationship. We deliver practical alternative solutions to promote growth and increase your company value. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Nguyen & Company, CPA Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location 600 Anton Blvd., Suite 1100 Andrew has been a Certified Public Accountant since 2003. He is dedicated in helping owners and stakeholders make informed financial and operational decisions to increase enterprise value with appropriate planning and execution. His attention to details with a macro view and the ability to seek alternative solutions through his various consultant networks in providing each client the best value for products and services at reasonable costs to enhance the bottom line.Andrew earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the California State University, Los Angeles. He then went on to become a Certified Public Accountant, and followed with 15 years of management experience in private industry as Controller for various small and medium size companies in guiding them through growth and expansion. Through his diversified private practical experiences in Controllership for entrepreneurs and equity firms, he has delivered significant cost savings through vendor negotiation, bank financing, system implementation, and process improvement Media (1) This position has 1 media Nguyen & Company, CPA Nguyen & Company, CPA This media is an image Controller Company Name Howard's Appliances & Flat Screen Store Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location La Habra Recruited to responsible for managing finance and accounting in establishing financial & operational controls of process & procedures, investments & diversification, and reporting & analysis according to GAAP. Restructure personnel functions and reporting to enhance process & system improvement Controller Company Name Kraco Enterprises, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Compton Recruited to responsible for establish and manage financial controls, process & procedures, and reporting & analysis according to GAAP. Restructure, recruit, and train finance personnel to manage the functions and process improvement Controller Company Name Street Surfing, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Irvine Successfully set-up global financial reporting and control to insure accounting procedures and reporting conform to GAAP. Set-up cash management control & reporting, facilitate debt & investors financing, prepare budget & forecasting, and provide product margin & profitability analysis. Responsible to manage staff of 4 in general accounting, receivable, and payable. Corporate Controller Company Name Bravo Sports Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Santa Fe Springs Recruited to responsible for integrating various business acquisitions in setting up Finance operations to include systems, processes, and personnel. Implement Microsoft Dynamics GP business intelligence and reporting features to enhance depth to accounting and operational analyses. See more positions Education California State University-Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor's Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 30 endorsements for Financial Reporting 30 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Kevin Fellenzer and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andy’s colleagues at Kraco Enterprises, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 29 endorsements for Forecasting 29 Forecasting Endorsed by Roger McCallen CSP and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andy’s colleagues at Kraco Enterprises, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 28 endorsements for Accounting 28 Accounting Endorsed by Kevin Fellenzer and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andy’s colleagues at Kraco Enterprises, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kathleen (Katie) Everett Corporate Credit and Accounts Receivable Manager at Shimano American Corp. September 15, 2010, Andy managed Kathleen (Katie) directly A tremendous contributor and an asset to any team that want to achieve high results. Katie is a capable, committed, and loyal manager with the ability to energize everyone around her to deliver 200%. Consistently performed at high level with excellent knowledge in customer receivable management. I had a great priviledge to have the opportunity to have Katie on our team and would welcome her again anytime. Accomplishments Andy has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Vietnamese Interests MarginPoint Software 1,170 followers Kraco Enterprises, LLC 805 followers California State University-Los Angeles 74,168 followers California State University-Los Angeles 78,488 followers Nguyen Co 3 followers
More Actions David. has a account David. Gannon Partner at PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP Richard Stockton College of New Jersey Greater New York City Area 423 423 connections Send InMail I have nearly 20 years of experience providing accounting and auditing services to organizations in the public sector. My significant professional experience in the public sector includes financial statement audits, performance audits, single audits, internal audits, forensic audits and special consulting engagements. As a partner in the Firm's Government Services Division, I focus my energy on providing outstanding client service and proactive solutions to problems that governmental organizations face in a heavily regulated atmosphere. I have experience providing services to a diverse group of organizations in the public sector including: Public School Systems, Municipalities, Counties, Local Authorities, Colleges and Universities, New Jersey State Authorities and New York City Agencies. I have a significant amount of experience with implementing complex Governmental Accounting Standards, including GASB Standards related to Pensions, OPEBS and Derivatives. I have also performed numerous single audits in accordance with the Federal Uniform Guidance and NJ OMB Circular 15-08. Additionally, I serve on the national review panel for the International Association of School Business Officials and am responsible for reviewing several comprehensive annual financial reports to determine whether they meet the criteria to receive the Certificate of Excellence in Financial Reporting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow David.’s Activity 422 followers Be a trail blazer David. liked The PKF O'Connor Davies team will be presenting - A Review of the Municipal Auditing Process - at the NJ State League of Municipalities 6/16/17 Join: Keith Balla, David Gannon, Francis McEnerney, Tom DeMayo & Richard Charles http://ow.ly/oa0B30cB2yf David. liked WE'RE HIRING! We are always looking for great people to join our team! Visit our career page at pkfod.com/careers to learn more about all of our Audit, Tax & Administrative opportunities throughout our New York, New Jersey, Connecticut & Maryland locations. David. liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cranford, New Jersey Partner Company Name Wiss & Company, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Public Accounting Firm Manager Company Name EY Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Senior/Supervisor Company Name Samuel Klein & Company Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Education Richard Stockton College of New Jersey Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 26 endorsements for Auditing 26 Auditing Endorsed by Raymond Paolantonio and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Dawn A. DePasque CPA, CFE, CITP, CGMA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls See 14 endorsements for Internal Controls 14 Internal Controls Endorsed by Joseph Horowitz, CISA, CIA, CRMA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Stockton University 31,068 followers Stockton University 29,526 followers Wiss & Company, LLP 3,315 followers Mon-Oc Professional Connections 514 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP 2,151 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Clark Specialist in Tax and Accounting for Small Business and Individuals Jennifer T. Clark, CPA Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Lansing, Michigan Area 140 140 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Home-based tax, accounting, and other business services Company Name Jennifer T. Clark, CPA Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Lansing, Michigan Area Preparation of business and personal tax returns, tax planning, accounting and bookkeeping for small business, payroll tax services, assistance with setting up and tracking budgets, and consulting to set up stream-lined accounting processess for small business. Tax Manager Company Name Godfrey Wise Berg, CPAs and Advisors, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos 1040 tax planning, preparation, compiled financial statements Controller Company Name Applegate Insulation Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Tax Associate Company Name Plante & Moran Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Tax Manager Company Name BDO Seidman Dates Employed 1992 – 1999 Employment Duration 7 yrs Education Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Professional Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Endorsed by William Kuhlman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Plante Moran Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 11 endorsements for Tax Preparation 11 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Richard Fairchild, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 9 endorsements for Tax Accounting 9 Tax Accounting Endorsed by William Kuhlman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Michigan Association of CPAs 5,614 members Lansing Area CPA's Monthly Meeting Group 128 members Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 19,453 followers Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 18,446 followers
More Actions Aladdin has a account Aladdin Connolly Accounting and Tax Professional Greater Boston Area 120 120 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 19 endorsements for Customer Service 19 Customer Service Adriana Nunes and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Joshua Kempeneer and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing See 13 endorsements for Marketing 13 Marketing Hope Robillard and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members
More Actions Baby has a account Baby Beltran TAX ACCOUNTANT MIRAMAR COLLEGE SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA Las Vegas, Nevada 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience TAX ACCOUNTANT Company Name Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 6 mos LOAN TEAM MANAGER Company Name FIRST UNITED MORTGAGE Dates Employed May 2005 – May 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo To provide New Programs and loan products for Loan Officers, Loan Processor, train new hires of basic loan application forms, how to qualify borrowers to purchase, refinance also how to provide excellent customer service. Education MIRAMAR COLLEGE SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) Field Of Study NURSING Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 St Columban College - Zambales Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Teresa C Del Rosario has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law Tax Law No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation Tax Preparation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Clark Specialist in Tax and Accounting for Small Business and Individuals Jennifer T. Clark, CPA Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Lansing, Michigan Area 140 140 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Home-based tax, accounting, and other business services Company Name Jennifer T. Clark, CPA Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Lansing, Michigan Area Preparation of business and personal tax returns, tax planning, accounting and bookkeeping for small business, payroll tax services, assistance with setting up and tracking budgets, and consulting to set up stream-lined accounting processess for small business. Tax Manager Company Name Godfrey Wise Berg, CPAs and Advisors, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos 1040 tax planning, preparation, compiled financial statements Controller Company Name Applegate Insulation Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Tax Associate Company Name Plante & Moran Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Tax Manager Company Name BDO Seidman Dates Employed 1992 – 1999 Employment Duration 7 yrs Education Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Professional Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 21 endorsements for Tax 21 Tax Endorsed by William Kuhlman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Plante Moran Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 11 endorsements for Tax Preparation 11 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Richard Fairchild, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 9 endorsements for Tax Accounting 9 Tax Accounting Endorsed by William Kuhlman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 18,447 followers Michigan Association of CPAs 5,614 members Lansing Area CPA's Monthly Meeting Group 128 members Michigan State University - The Eli Broad College of Business 19,453 followers
More Actions David. has a account David. Gannon Partner at PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP Richard Stockton College of New Jersey Greater New York City Area 423 423 connections Send InMail I have nearly 20 years of experience providing accounting and auditing services to organizations in the public sector. My significant professional experience in the public sector includes financial statement audits, performance audits, single audits, internal audits, forensic audits and special consulting engagements. As a partner in the Firm's Government Services Division, I focus my energy on providing outstanding client service and proactive solutions to problems that governmental organizations face in a heavily regulated atmosphere. I have experience providing services to a diverse group of organizations in the public sector including: Public School Systems, Municipalities, Counties, Local Authorities, Colleges and Universities, New Jersey State Authorities and New York City Agencies. I have a significant amount of experience with implementing complex Governmental Accounting Standards, including GASB Standards related to Pensions, OPEBS and Derivatives. I have also performed numerous single audits in accordance with the Federal Uniform Guidance and NJ OMB Circular 15-08. Additionally, I serve on the national review panel for the International Association of School Business Officials and am responsible for reviewing several comprehensive annual financial reports to determine whether they meet the criteria to receive the Certificate of Excellence in Financial Reporting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow David.’s Activity 422 followers Be a trail blazer David. liked The PKF O'Connor Davies team will be presenting - A Review of the Municipal Auditing Process - at the NJ State League of Municipalities 6/16/17 Join: Keith Balla, David Gannon, Francis McEnerney, Tom DeMayo & Richard Charles http://ow.ly/oa0B30cB2yf David. liked WE'RE HIRING! We are always looking for great people to join our team! Visit our career page at pkfod.com/careers to learn more about all of our Audit, Tax & Administrative opportunities throughout our New York, New Jersey, Connecticut & Maryland locations. David. liked See all activity Experience Partner Company Name PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cranford, New Jersey Partner Company Name Wiss & Company, LLP Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Public Accounting Firm Manager Company Name EY Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Senior/Supervisor Company Name Samuel Klein & Company Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Education Richard Stockton College of New Jersey Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 26 endorsements for Auditing 26 Auditing Endorsed by Raymond Paolantonio and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Dawn A. DePasque CPA, CFE, CITP, CGMA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls See 14 endorsements for Internal Controls 14 Internal Controls Endorsed by Joseph Horowitz, CISA, CIA, CRMA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of David.’s colleagues at Wiss & Company, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Wiss & Company, LLP 3,315 followers WISS FOR LIFE 218 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members Mon-Oc Professional Connections 514 members Stockton University Alumni 3,643 members Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,997 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Guilfoy Tax Accountant at John J. Guilfoy & Associates, LLC John J. Guilfoy & Associates, LLC St. Louis University Saint Louis, Missouri 188 188 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow John’s Articles 188 followers Commercial Office Space for Lease John Guilfoy on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 16, 2015 See all articles Experience Tax Accountant Company Name John J. Guilfoy & Associates, LLC Dates Employed Feb 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 5 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area John J. Guilfoy & Associates, LLC is a full-service accounting firm dedicated to providing professional, personalized financial guidance to local individuals and businesses. Our expertise ranges from tax management and accounting services to more in-depth services such as financial statements and financial planning.For more information, visit www.jguilfoyaccounting.com Education St. Louis University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business & Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Pi Delta Theta Fraternity, Treasurer Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 21 endorsements for Accounting 21 Accounting Eric Park, PhD, CFP® and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Financial Planning See 11 endorsements for Strategic Financial Planning 11 Strategic Financial Planning Chris Heupel and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Eric Park, PhD, CFP® and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Saint Louis University 71,361 followers Saint Louis University 75,086 followers
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Deiters tax accountant at Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Greater St. Louis Area 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience tax accountant Company Name Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Mason, CPA Owner at Mason Limited Mason Limited Minnesota School of Business Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 101 101 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience President Company Name Mason Limited Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Manager Company Name D.F. Boyd, LTD. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Roseville, MN Manager Company Name Hoffmann & Swintek Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Brooklyn Park, MN Education Minnesota School of Business Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Minnesota State University, Mankato Mounds View H.S. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Andy Gesell and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 5 endorsements for Income Tax 5 Income Tax Martina S. and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Matt Joyce and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jennifer Livingston Realtor/Office Mgr at Cardinal Realty Company September 9, 2009, Jennifer was a client of Andrew’s hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Minnesota State University, Mankato 67,448 followers Boomer Consulting, Inc. 3,074 members Minnesota School of Business 18,741 followers Minnesota School of Business 17,806 followers Minnesota State University, Mankato 69,420 followers VeraSage Institute 363 members
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Manley, CPA Tax Accountant at Self - Employed (Special Projects) Bonita Tax Professionals, Inc Rochester Institute of Technology Fort Myers, Florida Area 26 26 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant-Tax Consultant Company Name Bonita Tax Professionals, Inc Dates Employed 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Location Bonita Springs, FL Accounting & Tax Planning, Consulting & Compliance Tax Manager Company Name Arthur Andersen, LLP Dates Employed 1991 – 1999 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Rochester, New York Area Education Rochester Institute of Technology Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rochester Institute of Technology 125,643 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 119,893 followers
More Actions Steve has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Steve Goodman, CPA MBA President and CEO, SHG Financial Group, Inc. SHG Financial Group Fordham Gabelli School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail For more than 25 years, Steven Goodman has provided insightful solutions to the challenges of business succession, wealth preservation and charitable planning, focusing on the needs of owners of closely held businesses and high net worth individuals. He currently serves over 200 clients. His accomplishments have brought the attention of such publications as the New York Times. Steven Goodman is a CPA who was vice president of the Trust and Investment Division of JP Morgan Chase and a supervisor for KPMG Peat Marwick. He holds an MBA from Fordham University. Steve lives in Brookville, LI with his wife, Helane, and has two grown children, Jacquelyn and Garett. He is a board member of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Long Island and has been a big brother for over eight years. He frequently contributes to charity and has personally seen to the higher education of less fortunate youths. I am an Agent licensed to sell insurance through New York Life Insurance Company and may be licensed with various other independent unaffiliated insurance companies in the states of NY & CT. Neither SHG Financial Group nor New York Life Insurance Company, nor its agents, provides tax, legal, or accounting advice. Please consult your own tax, legal, or accounting professional before making any decisions. SHG Financial Group is not owned or operated by New York Life Insurance Company or its affiliates. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name SHG Financial Group Dates Employed Jul 1985 – Present Employment Duration 32 yrs Location Melville, NY Steven Goodman is a certified public accountant; he earned a master’s degree from Fordham University. He was vice president of the Trust and Investment Division of JP Morgan Chase and a supervisor for KPMG Peat Marwick. He has provided insightful solutions to the challenges of business succession, wealth preservation, and charitable planning for more than twenty-five years. A board member of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Long Island and a longtime Big Brother, he currently lives in New York with his wife and two children. Assistant VP Private Banking Trusts and Investments Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed Jun 1983 – Sep 1985 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Supervisor Company Name KPMG Peat Marwick Dates Employed Jun 1978 – Jun 1983 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Education Fordham Gabelli School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1983 Volunteer Experience Board Member Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of Long Island Cause Children Steve Goodman is a board member of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Long Island and has been a big brother for over eight years. He frequently contributes to charity and has personally seen to the higher education of less fortunate youths. Featured Skills & Endorsements Estate Planning See 8 endorsements for Estate Planning 8 Estate Planning Endorsed by Patricia Marcin, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Insurance See 24 endorsements for Insurance 24 Insurance Endorsed by Adam Friedlander and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Life Insurance See 10 endorsements for Life Insurance 10 Life Insurance Robert Durr and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Family Business Place 131 followers Gary VaynerchukGary Vaynerchuk is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of VaynerMedia, Partner at Vayner/RSE, 4-Time NYT Bestselling Author 1,014,919 followers Fordham Gabelli School of Business 19,418 followers Mechanical and Electrical Contractors 10,928 members KPMG US Alumni Group 20,750 members JP Morgan Alumni 10,544 members See all See all following
More Actions Ahmed has a account Ahmed Ahmed Tax Accountant at Mechanical Tools Co. Mechanical Tools Company Cairo University Egypt 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail For more than 14 years of experience in the field of accounts and Supply Chain Management, which 5 years in the management of contracts and purchases, and I am comfortable that this combination of practical experience in addition to a strong educational background had contributed a lot in my career. I understand the level of professionalism and communication required for long term success. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ahmed’s Articles 5,905 followers الموظفين و لعيبة الكورة Ahmed Ahmed on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 6, 2016 See 5 more articles المديرين و مدربين الكورة Ahmed Ahmed on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 6, 2016 Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Mechanical Tools Company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location 62 Gomhouria st . Cairo. 1 - record sales and purchases of the company's Computer. 2 - the liquidation of inventory and customers that have been deducted, including 10% or 1% or 1/2% tax on each unit by category filter. 3 - to complete all the necessary customer data and model numbers (10-41) of the IRS in Cairo. 4 - delivery model listed after the revision and adoption to the IRS with a check value of taxes owed ​​by the company, which had been deducted from the customer. 5 - Action inventory companies that have been dealt with and that did not pay for the expense of our company tax for the past few years and review with the statement issued Aldharib of interest, as well as to identify the differences. 6 - Send and follow-up of these companies bring a statement the amount withheld by dealing with our company and paid to the IRS in the two accounts. He explained in the statement: Check number of taxes - his own - history - by the drawee bank And that each year separately This is according to a transcript: Law No. 91 of 2005 and Ministerial Decree No. 537 for the year 2005 Tax Law port in Egypt. Cancel has been working model (41) at the moment. It is a form of additional taxes owed ​​by the company, which had been deducted from the customer (1%) . Media (3) This position has 3 media Mechanical Tools Logo . Mechanical Tools Logo . This media is an image Mechanical Tools Mechanical Tools This media is a link Mechanical Tools Logo Mechanical Tools Logo This media is an image Tax Accountant Company Name Mechanical Tools Co. Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location 62 Gomhouria st . Cairo. 1 - record sales and purchases of the company's Computer. 2 - the liquidation of inventory and customers that have been deducted, including 10% or 1% or 1/2% tax on each unit by category filter. 3 - to complete all the necessary customer data and model numbers (10-41) of the IRS in Cairo. 4 - delivery model listed after the revision and adoption to the IRS with a check value of taxes owed ​by the company, which had been deducted from the customer. 5 - Action inventory companies that have been dealt with and that did not pay for the expense of our company tax for the past few years and review with the statement issued Aldharib of interest, as well as to identify the differences. 6 - Send and follow-up of these companies bring a statement the amount withheld by dealing with our company and paid to the IRS in the two accounts. He explained in the statement: Check number of taxes - his own - history - by the drawee bank And that each year separately This is according to a transcript: Law No. 91 of 2005 and Ministerial Decree No. 537 for the year 2005 Tax Law port in Egypt. Cancel has been working model (41) at the moment. It is a form of additional taxes owed ​by the company, which had been deducted from the customer (1%) . Purchasing Manager Company Name Trade and Maintenance of the Engineering Exhaust System. ( Mu Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location 71 Ahmed Said Street - Abbasid - Cairo Job Role: To meet the needs of the company of all the requirements that you need inOrder to provide the best service to the client an excellent company to achieve theBest service and the lowest possible cost under to get the desired profit margin Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Abou El Yazeed Group | Home Abou El Yazeed Group | Home This media is a link Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. This media is an image Trade and Maintenance of the Engineering Exhaust System. ( Muffler Egypt ) Logo Trade and Maintenance of the Engineering Exhaust System. ( Muffler Egypt ) Logo This media is an image Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. This media is an image purchases employed Company Name Engineering Co. for Exhaust System Dates Employed May 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Industrial Zone II - a piece 117-118 – October - Giza, Egypt. Job Role: Meet the needs and requirements of the Group of Companies Abouel Yazeed Group of all needs and this by the receipt of purchase orders from AvadavatDifferent and delivered to the Director of Logistics and supply for adoption andThen received again after being approved and registered in the file purchase ordersUnder execution pave the way for implementation and recorded in Amanita thatNeed to be custody and disbursement of cash delivered to the Director of logisticsAnd supply for adoption in order to implement the terms of the purchase ordersAnd the implementation of cash soon.As for the futures purchases it is making a statement that the settlement of futuresAnd in agreement with the suppliers that are delivered to them dues on time for it. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. This media is an image Abou El Yazeed Group | Home Abou El Yazeed Group | Home This media is a link Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. Abouel Yazeed Group Co. for Exhaust System Logo. This media is an image Engineering Co. for Exhaust System Logo Engineering Co. for Exhaust System Logo This media is an image First Accountant. Company Name Egypt Exchange and Securities Brokerage Company. Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Job Role: • Registration and rationalizing the movement of currencies in the company.• Registration and rationalizing movement expenses in the company.• Registration and rationalizing customer traffic in the company.• Prepare a report Alambzanah which describes the company’s financial position. See more positions Education Cairo University Degree Name Master’s Degree in diploma marketing the art of selling - Cairo University Field Of Study marketing the art of selling Grade Very Good Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Studied Subjects: Specialized Study in Arts Marketing Academic record Information Systems and Technology Advanced Studies in Administration Statistics in administration Organizational Behavior in Organizations Managerial Accounting Research in Marketing Establishments administration Atsuiqih International Marketing Marketing Management Strategic management Media (2) This position has 2 media Cairo University Cairo University This media is a link Cairo University Logo . Cairo University Logo . This media is an image Ministry of Higher Education, Cairo Univ, Egyp Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce - Specialization in Business Administration Field Of Study Major in Finance and Investment Grade Good Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Record Education: Financial management Very good Economics of public finances very good Bank management Very good Economic and Investment projects Excellent Finance costs and investment Excellent Record Education: Financial management Very goodEconomics of public finances very goodBank management Very goodEconomic and Investment projects ExcellentFinance costs and investment Excellent Media (2) This position has 2 media Cairo University Cairo University This media is a link Cairo University Logo . Cairo University Logo . This media is an image Volunteer Experience Eng / Khalid Najib Company Name charitable organization Dates volunteered May 2009 – May 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Free tutoring for orphans .Literacy classes . Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 31 endorsements for Microsoft Office 31 Microsoft Office Praveen Pinto and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Negotiation See 26 endorsements for Negotiation 26 Negotiation Endorsed by Amr Ragab CSCM , PMP, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 25 endorsements for Management 25 Management Praveen Pinto and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ahmed has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Certificate Professional Employee Certifies ICDL (Training) Electronic Accounting (Training) I C D L Caretifiacate Integrated studies in computers, IBM - PC (Training) Introduction to Computing and types of operating systems (training) Personal skills and time management and dealing with humans (Training) Repair and maintenance of electronic circuits (Training) The basic level in the English language (Training) Ahmed has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Ahmed has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Electronic Accounting at Center for Research and Studies of Commerce - Cairo University Ahmed has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Journey to Mechanical Tools Company. Ahmed has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Job Title: Purchasing Manager Interests General Motors 877,244 followers Majid Al Futtaim 235,985 followers Colin ShawColin Shaw is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO | Customer Experience Thought Leader | Consultancy & Training | Keynote Speaker | C-Suite Network Member 245,861 followers Engineering Career Opportunities (Jobs & Employment) 687,163 members Michelle RheeMichelle Rhee is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder / CEO at StudentsFirst 215,047 followers e3melbusiness 4,137 followers See all See all following
More Actions Courtney has a account Courtney LeCroy Certified Public Accountant at LeCroy, Hunter & Company, P.C. LeCroy, Hunter & Company, P.C. University of Alabama Northport, Alabama 61 61 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name LeCroy, Hunter & Company, P.C. Dates Employed May 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 2 mos Education University of Alabama Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Alabama Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Raley Wiggins and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 7 endorsements for Auditing 7 Auditing ANITA LEWIS and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by Brendan Knowles, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Alabama 157,684 followers The University of Alabama 151,011 followers Southern Heat Exchanger Corp. (SHECO) 574 followers
More Actions Erica has a account Erica Anderson Owner of Nielsen Insurance Nielsen Insurance Brigham Young University Colfax, Washington 148 148 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Independent Business Owner Company Name Nielsen Insurance Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Colfax, WA Associate Company Name Nielsen Insurance Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Tax Supervisor Company Name Hawkins Cloward & Simister, CPAs PC Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Consulting and tax preparation for individuals, businesses, non-profits and trusts. The office also offers other services such as: back office accounting services, financial statement preparation, payroll services and retirement plans. Education Brigham Young University Degree Name MAcc Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Activities and Societies: BYU Management Society Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Golden Key National Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 20 endorsements for Tax Preparation 20 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Michelle Lowry, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Erica’s colleagues at Hawkins Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 20 endorsements for Tax 20 Tax Endorsed by 9 of Erica’s colleagues at Hawkins Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Jon Beck, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Erica’s colleagues at Hawkins Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Brigham Young University 221,568 followers Washington State University 133,552 followers The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 56,205 followers Brigham Young University 214,276 followers Washington State University 140,427 followers EY 1,748,749 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fernando has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Fernando Lopez, JD/MBA Director, International Tax Services, National Tax Office at Eide Bailly LLP Eide Bailly LLP Stanford University Golden, Colorado 377 377 connections InMail I have nearly 20 years of international corporate tax experience working in Big 4 firms in the United States, Europe and the LATAM region. During this period, I have advised numerous global clients on a full range of cross-border tax planning matters aimed at achieving efficient cross-border structures and operations. In addition, I have provided extensive assistance in helping clients to identify and implement planning opportunities that reduce cash tax and the effective tax rate while maintaining an alignment with key business objectives. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, International Tax Services, National Tax Office Company Name Eide Bailly LLP Media (1) This position has 1 media International Tax International Tax This media is a link Senior Manager, International Corporate Tax Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed 2001 – 2013 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Stamford, CT; Atlanta, GA; France; The Netherlands, Switzerland, South Florida International Tax Consultant Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Jose, California International Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Jose, CA Financial Analyst Intern Company Name DHL Worldwide Express Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Brussels, Belgium See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name BA Media (1) This position has 1 media Stanford University Stanford University This media is a link Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Media (1) This position has 1 media www.temple.law.edu www.temple.law.edu This media is a link University of South Carolina - The Moore School of Business Degree Name International MBA Field Of Study International Business and Finance Moore School ranked No. 1 for International MBA programThe University of South Carolina’s International MBA program retained the top spot in the 2016 U.S. News & World Report’s Best Graduate Schools.With its No.1 ranking, the Moore School’s program bested Thunderbird School of Management (No. 2), University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School (No. 3) and Harvard Business School (No. 4). The Moore School has ranked in the top three for 25 consecutive years. Media (1) This position has 1 media Darla Moore School of Business - University of South Carolina Darla Moore School of Business - University of South Carolina This media is a link Volunteer Experience Ministry of Agriculture Company Name US Peace Corps, Morocco Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 14 endorsements for International Tax 14 International Tax Endorsed by Lourdes Aguilar and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 13 endorsements for Corporate Tax 13 Corporate Tax Endorsed by John D'Arpino CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Fernando has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Spanish Fernando has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Bar Association Interests Fortune 500 Company 2,048 followers Robert E. MoritzRobert E. Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman PricewaterhouseCoopers Int. at PwC 248,995 followers International tax education and literature 1,575 members International Corporate Structuring and Tax Planning 435 members Accounting, Audit & Taxation Professionals 2,696 members Darla Moore School of Business 23,023 followers See all See all following
More Actions Glen has a account Glen Smith, CPA Tax Resolution Consultant | Audit Representation Glen A. Smith, CPA PC, the "Accountant to the people" Mercy College Albuquerque, New Mexico Area 140 140 connections Send InMail WHAT I DO: I find solutions to my clients tax problems. Are you facing an IRS audit? What about an appeals hearing? Is the IRS after you? Owe back taxes? Have unfiled tax returns? I represent my clients from the beginning to the end. My clients don't ever meet with government officials, I meet with them! There really is a solution to your tax problem! WHY IT WORKS: Believe it or not, the IRS wants a resolution to your tax problem as much as you do! As the old saying goes, "A little bit of something, is always better than a whole lot of nothing!"​ Many solutions are available that will satisfy the government. HOW IT WORKS: I use a three phase process. PHASE ONE, I initiate a FREE initial tax consultation, in the privacy of your home or business. Then, I can investigate your tax records and IRS notices, plus determine your preliminary financial position. After this, I can evaluate your unique tax problem and suggest what may be your solution. PHASE TWO, is compliance. The IRS will not settle any tax problem until the taxpayer is current with all required tax filings. That includes personal and business tax return filings. During phase one, we will determine what unfiled tax returns are outstanding and complete any deficiencies discovered. PHASE THREE, is the final and resolution stage. Here, a solution to your tax problem is determined and presented to the IRS. Common solutions are, Offer in Compromise or an installment agreement. Delayed payment agreements and currently not collectible are also solutions to a tax problem. Phase three is where reasons for penalty abatement are determined. I'm available by phone to discuss YOUR tax problem. Call 505-994-1277, leave your name and phone number, I'll get back to you. OR email me at, glen.smith.cpa@gmail.com! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Got IRS Problems? | Get Help Now | Quality Resolution of Tax Problems | FREE Consultation Company Name Glen A. Smith, CPA PC, the "Accountant to the people" Dates Employed Nov 1988 – Present Employment Duration 28 yrs 8 mos Location Rio Rancho NM WHAT I OFFER: Finding solutions for business and personal tax problems since 1988. Whether you owe back income taxes or payroll taxes. There is a solutions to everyone's tax problem. I offer you personalized, private and confidential appointments in your home or place of business. Tax resolution requires this level of service! Don't be fooled by the "over-the-phone"​, or "internet connection"​ interviewers. Do you really know who you are dealing with? This business requires face-to-face personalized contact with a seasoned tax professional that is present.WHAT OTHERS SAY: "you're the best Glen! The IRS said I owed over $12,000. When you settled my case, I owed nothing!"​ James Ball, Hollywood MD. | "Your tactics were great, I didn't have to see a single IRS official. They accepted your Offer In Compromise, and I have gotten on with my life."​ Donny Haynes, Prince Frederick MD | "I could have never gotten through my audit without your help and you took care of the IRS every step of the way."​ Dan Romero, Corrales NMContact me with your tax problems. Let me help you find YOUR solution. Call me at 505-994-1277, leave your name and phone number. I'll get back to you and schedule that FREE consultation, OR email your questions or concerns to glen.smith.cpa@gmail.com anytime! General Ledger Manager Company Name American Satellite Company Dates Employed Apr 1986 – Oct 1988 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Managed the Accounting department at American Satellite Company in Rockville MD Financial Analyst Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jul 1981 – Feb 1986 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Reported on $57 million budget to the managers of the computer development laboratory in Poughkeepsie NY Education Mercy College Degree Name Bachelor's of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Related Services Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1980 Tax Resolution Services, personal and business. Mercy College Degree Name Bachelor of Science, Accounting major Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 18 endorsements for Income Tax 18 Income Tax Belinda Copenhaver and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Belinda Copenhaver and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 9 endorsements for General Ledger 9 General Ledger Endorsed by Manoj Shah MBA, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Ginny Green Managing Owner at ATM Transmission Ctr September 24, 2015, Ginny was a client of Glen’s He's great! You should hire him! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Glen has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations American Legion National Society of Accountants National Society of Tax Professionals New Mexico Society of Certified Public Accountants Glen has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,342,740 followers Albuquerque Business Chamber 44 members Mize Houser & Company P.A. 806 followers Horizon Satellite Services 556 followers Women Make a Difference (WMAD) 624 members Albuquerque NM Connections 1,983 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Manley, CPA Tax Accountant at Self - Employed (Special Projects) Bonita Tax Professionals, Inc Rochester Institute of Technology Fort Myers, Florida Area 26 26 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant-Tax Consultant Company Name Bonita Tax Professionals, Inc Dates Employed 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Location Bonita Springs, FL Accounting & Tax Planning, Consulting & Compliance Tax Manager Company Name Arthur Andersen, LLP Dates Employed 1991 – 1999 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Rochester, New York Area Education Rochester Institute of Technology Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rochester Institute of Technology 119,893 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 125,643 followers
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Deiters tax accountant at Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Greater St. Louis Area 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience tax accountant Company Name Birsinger & Associates CPAs LLC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Brett has a account Brett Ohlen Principal - Advocate Tax Worldwide Advocate Tax Worldwide Regis University Greater Denver Area 360 360 connections Send InMail Drive our organization providing exceptional service at a level that all our clients choose to be clients for life. Have tax, representation, and bookkeeping clients that introduce us to others as a result of their satisfaction from our service. Grow our business through lasting meaningful relationships with people. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Advocate Tax Worldwide Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Lakewood, CO Denver, CO Nashville, TN Managing Director Company Name BlackFin IRS Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Denver Area Senior Tax Accountant - Enrolled Agent Company Name ATBS Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Lakewood, CO Managed HNW clientele insourced from an investment firm and reviewed all returns prior to filingManaged tax resolution department and handled cases of 425+ clients negotiating with IRS and StatesTrained all 100+ employees on tax topics such as the fiscal cliff, healthcare reform and taxes, and intermediate tax topics Office Manager - Enrolled Agent Company Name H & R Block Dates Employed 2000 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Fort Collins Colorado Managed 15 Tax preparers1065, 1120S, 1120 and 990 tax preparationEx Patriot and International T District Manager Company Name Woods Equipment Company Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Denver Area District manager for a 5 State territory (90 Dealers) covering Colorado, Wyoming, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Kansas selling commercial, municipal, and agricultural dealers mowing, landscaping, and agricultural related attachments for tractors. See more positions Education Regis University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Baker University Degree Name M.B.A Field Of Study Finance, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Marquette University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 28 endorsements for Management 28 Management Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at ATBS Click and drag to reorder skills Training See 22 endorsements for Training 22 Training Endorsed by 4 of Brett’s colleagues at ATBS Click and drag to reorder skills Team Building See 16 endorsements for Team Building 16 Team Building Endorsed by 7 of Brett’s colleagues at CNH Industrial Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Manoj Babu, Ph.D. Dean of Manufacturing, Engineering, and Transportation (MET) October 20, 2011, Brett worked with Manoj in the same group I have known Brett Ohlen through various projects and classes at CNH. I am extremely impressed with Brett's professionalism, character, and analytical abilities which helped me out on numerous occasions. Brett is truly an asset to any organization he calls home. In addition, Brett has an amazing ability to relate with anyone, any where. This comes in very useful while at upper management meetings as well as production floor implementations. I fully endorse Brett Ohlen.Regards,Manoj Babu Rajesh Solanki Professor of Automotive Engineering March 6, 2009, Rajesh was senior to Brett but didn’t manage directly Brett's drive and big picture abilities enabled assigning high priority assignments to him for ensuring that our team will overcome the challenges and uncertainties these projects generally come with. It was my great fortune to have Brett as a key team player we could always depend on in our group. Rajesh Solanki Professor of Automotive Engineering March 4, 2009, Brett reported directly to Rajesh Rajesh was a very detail oriented manager who was diligent with project tracking and implementation. A very knowledgeable individual in Six Sigma, 7 step problem solving, and quality management. Demanded on time completion of projects and is well versed in Microsoft Outlook task management. Accomplishments Brett has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent Brett has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Interests The Official NAEA Group 5,360 members Deloitte 2,201,919 followers Baker University 23,996 followers Regis University 59,970 followers Marquette University 87,383 followers Sigma Alpha Epsilon Alumni Group 17,914 members See all See all following
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Didato Senior Tax Manager at Ostrow Reisin Berk & Abrams, Ltd. Ostrow Reisin Berk & Abrams, Ltd. Wright Foundation for Transformational Leadership Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior / Management Accounting Professional with highly developed background in public and corporate accounting. Proven success in financial reporting / analysis, general accounting and taxation. Recognized by management for ability to identify unforeseen business problems and implement proactive solutions; process simplification and implementation. • Team and relationships builder • Fluent in Spanish (oral; written) • CPA Candidate (passed Audit & Regulation) Specialties: * U.S. tax return preparation, supervision, review: 1040, 1120S, 1065, 990, 1041, payroll. Proficient in U.S tax rules & tax research. * Financial Reporting: Business analysis, cash and revenue forecasting and planning, audit management, staff supervision. Proficient with corporate / nonprofit accounting, using GAAP / FASB. Prepare presentations to management. * Computer utilization, implementation, conversions: Peachtree, QuickBooks, Creative Solutions, LaCerte, ProSystem, Bill Quick, Excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Anthony’s Activity 633 followers Gristedes Foods CEO: This is a home run for Amazon, here's why Anthony liked Nicolas’ photo Anthony liked “Sleepers” are stuck in place by fear of their own limiting belief or fears and need to be convinced to take action. Help them Pause Anthony liked New Model of Leadership Anthony liked Are you a #Leader? Here's how #Pausing helps you avoid burnout. With @dreambankMSN in Madison, WI 7/18 bit.ly/dreampause Anthony liked It's IRCE time! See you at booth #307! Anthony liked See all activity Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name Ostrow Reisin Berk & Abrams, Ltd. Senior Tax Manager Company Name Ostrow Reisin Berk & Abrams, Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Listed as one of the top 25 CPA firms in the Chicagoland area - ORBA prides itself on being a valued business partner to it's client's and empowers it's employees to contribute to their client's success. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Gilson, Labus & Silverman Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Chicago, Illinois Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Baloun & Company, CPA's Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Palatine, IL Accounting Consultant Company Name Wright Foundation for Transformational Leadership Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Provide daily business, accounting and tax consulting services to S-Corp and non-for-profit Foundation. See more positions Education Wright Foundation for Transformational Leadership Field Of Study Social and Emotional Intelligence Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Social & Emotional Intelligence Training Groups, Small Group Facilitator Participated in individual and group leadership training, trained on group dynamics and small group leadership courses. Oral Roberts University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Student Association - Senator, Chair of Finance Committee, Summer Missions St Ignatius College Prep See more education Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Highsight Dates volunteered Jan 2004 – Jun 2006 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Assist students to succeed in high school Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 47 endorsements for Accounting 47 Accounting Endorsed by PHILLIP FERENZI and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Anthony’s colleagues at Wright Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 46 endorsements for Financial Reporting 46 Financial Reporting Endorsed by PHILLIP FERENZI and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Anthony’s colleagues at Wright Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 24 endorsements for Financial Statements 24 Financial Statements Endorsed by PHILLIP FERENZI and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Brian Turk HR Systems Consultant March 9, 2010, Brian worked with Anthony in different groups I worked with Anthony at the start of his career at The Wright Institute, and was immediately impressed by his work ethic and positivity. He stepped into a demanding role and faced multiple challenges with continuous determination and composure. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anthony has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Anthony has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ALPFA, Wright Foundation for Human Potential, Chicago Coalition of Welcoming Churches Interests TaxQueries.com - Your source for tax questions and answers. 7,029 members Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members Oral Roberts University 20,554 followers Executive Search Group Executive Financial Recruiting 4,043 members Business Network Chicago (BNC) 20,512 members National Society of Accountants 10,129 members See all See all following
More Actions Fernando has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Fernando Lopez, JD/MBA Director, International Tax Services, National Tax Office at Eide Bailly LLP Eide Bailly LLP Stanford University Golden, Colorado 377 377 connections InMail I have nearly 20 years of international corporate tax experience working in Big 4 firms in the United States, Europe and the LATAM region. During this period, I have advised numerous global clients on a full range of cross-border tax planning matters aimed at achieving efficient cross-border structures and operations. In addition, I have provided extensive assistance in helping clients to identify and implement planning opportunities that reduce cash tax and the effective tax rate while maintaining an alignment with key business objectives. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, International Tax Services, National Tax Office Company Name Eide Bailly LLP Media (1) This position has 1 media International Tax International Tax This media is a link Senior Manager, International Corporate Tax Company Name KPMG LLP Dates Employed 2001 – 2013 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Stamford, CT; Atlanta, GA; France; The Netherlands, Switzerland, South Florida International Tax Consultant Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Jose, California International Tax Consultant Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Jose, CA Financial Analyst Intern Company Name DHL Worldwide Express Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Brussels, Belgium See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name BA Media (1) This position has 1 media Stanford University Stanford University This media is a link Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Media (1) This position has 1 media www.temple.law.edu www.temple.law.edu This media is a link University of South Carolina - The Moore School of Business Degree Name International MBA Field Of Study International Business and Finance Moore School ranked No. 1 for International MBA programThe University of South Carolina’s International MBA program retained the top spot in the 2016 U.S. News & World Report’s Best Graduate Schools.With its No.1 ranking, the Moore School’s program bested Thunderbird School of Management (No. 2), University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School (No. 3) and Harvard Business School (No. 4). The Moore School has ranked in the top three for 25 consecutive years. Media (1) This position has 1 media Darla Moore School of Business - University of South Carolina Darla Moore School of Business - University of South Carolina This media is a link Volunteer Experience Ministry of Agriculture Company Name US Peace Corps, Morocco Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 14 endorsements for International Tax 14 International Tax Endorsed by Lourdes Aguilar and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 13 endorsements for Corporate Tax 13 Corporate Tax Endorsed by John D'Arpino CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Fernando’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Fernando has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Spanish Fernando has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Bar Association Interests Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law 11,989 followers Chase 121,644 followers Tax Defenders Network 1,730 members Stephanie RuhleStephanie Ruhle is a LinkedIn Influencer Anchor/Managing Editor, BloombergTV -- Editor-at-Large, Bloomberg News 86,831 followers 360 Professional Search, LLC 1,524 followers KF Resources, Inc 5,407 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James McHugh Controller at Glenn Hunter & Associates, Inc. Glenn Hunter & Associates Inc. The Ohio State University Delta, Ohio 197 197 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Controller Company Name Glenn Hunter & Associates Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Delta, Ohio Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Corporate Secretary Company Name N-Viro International Corporation Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 20 yrs 1 mo Location Toledo, Ohio Area All aspects of financial administration including corporate secretary and treasury functions; banking, raise of capital and debt offerings; outside legal + audit interface; internal control, accounting, leasing + purchasing; budgeting, forecasting + consolidations; external financial reporting + public SEC disclosures, SARBOX compliance; payroll and HR, PR, stockholder relations, IT and tax compliance. Controller Company Name N-Viro International Corporation Dates Employed 1993 – 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Toledo, Ohio Area Reported direct to CFO on all aspects of financial administration; drafted all public disclosure documents with the SEC; assisted in corporate secretary and treasury functions with board, outside legal and stockholder-related entities; prepared monthly consolidated financial statements; prepared all federal, state and local tax returns; HR and payroll; banking and debt compliance. Director of Accounting + Taxation Company Name N-Viro Energy Systems Dates Employed 1992 – 1993 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toledo, Ohio Area All accounting and tax administration, including the installation of initial systems of accounting and internal control, all financial documentation and record keeping procedures. Senior Tax Supervisor Company Name Holbrook & Manter CPA's Dates Employed 1990 – 1992 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Perrysburg, OH Corporate, Individual, Estate and Trust tax preparation and planning under a managerial role, including direct communication with clients, handling of any issues and problem solving; review and compilation of varied manufacturing, real estate and small business clients. See more positions Education The Ohio State University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1982 St. Francis De Sales HS - Toledo Volunteer Experience Assistant Troop & Pack Leader, Den Leader, Events Coordinator Company Name Boy Scouts of America Dates volunteered 2001 – 2009 Volunteer duration 8 yrs Rowing Team President, Treasurer Company Name St. Francis de Sales High School - Toledo, OH Dates volunteered 2008 – 2011 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Volunteer Company Name PARTNERS FOR CLEAN STREAMS INC Dates volunteered 2010 – 2010 Volunteer duration less than a year Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of James’ colleagues at N-VIRO International Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 16 endorsements for Financial Reporting 16 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Peter Szendrey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at N-VIRO International Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 8 endorsements for Budgets 8 Budgets Mark Nathanson and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Chris Anderson Executive Coach, Outside Director, Family-Owned Businesses April 19, 2017, Chris was senior to James but didn’t manage directly We were facing difficult times. Chris was a level head who aimed us at the tough decisions we had to make to right the ship. Terri Kasmoch Strategic Planning, Business Consultant and Digital Marketing Experience February 15, 2010, James was senior to Terri but didn’t manage directly Terri is a very detailed-oriented person who, among other things, is a great organizer - she can take a lot of data and get it into a format that's readable and logical. Intelligent and inquisitive, she would be a valuable member to any company looking to add this type of person to their team. Accomplishments Interests Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,734 members Buckeye Alumni Network (The Ohio State University) 43,786 members SEC Professionals Group 3,130 members The Ohio State University 378,147 followers Chief Financial Officer (TGL) 12,210 members The Ohio State University 362,526 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Egan SVP and Corporate Controller at The Charles Schwab Corporation The Charles Schwab Corporation Loyola University Chicago San Francisco, California 303 303 connections Send InMail Strategic and results focused Senior Financial Executive with deep experience in financial services. Proven leader who effectively collaborates to achieve goals and motivate teams through periods of significant change. Excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills. Key strengths and areas of expertise inculde; capital markets transactions, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, SEC, IRS, SOX, regulatory and shareholder reporting, Audit and Finance Committee Board interactions, change management, tax planning, deal structuring and negotiations and team building. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SVP and Corporate Controller Company Name The Charles Schwab Corporation Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs SVP Controller and Principal Accounting Officer Company Name Freddie Mac Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos As a member of the Company's executive managment team, the Chief Accounting Officer overseas SEC and regulatory reporting, line of buiness performance repoting, tax and financial systems. Interacts significantly with the Audit Committe and Board of Directors, regulators and rating agencies. Executive Vice President and Controller Company Name MBNA Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs SVP and Director of Tax Company Name U S Bancorp Dates Employed 1996 – 2003 Employment Duration 7 yrs Vice President Finance Company Name First Chicago NBD (since acquired by JPMorgan Chase) Dates Employed 1988 – 1996 Employment Duration 8 yrs See more positions Education Loyola University Chicago Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Featured Skills & Endorsements Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 18 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 18 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by Nandy Bolton, MBA, CRMA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of James’ colleagues at Freddie Mac Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 16 endorsements for Accounting 16 Accounting Endorsed by Michael J. Johnson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at Freddie Mac Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 16 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 16 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Jonathan Jacobs and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Freddie Mac Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations William Gratrix Experienced Financial Services Professional December 9, 2011, James was senior to William but didn’t manage directly Bill is a strategic thinker with broad experiece and effective leadership skills which enabled him to make significant contributions to our finance team's objectives. Accomplishments Interests FREDDIE MAC CONNECTIONS 8,756 members Credit Card Professionals 70,025 members Global Bankers Society 3,889 members Schwab Advisor Services 12,743 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,734 members 'The CFO Alliance, An AchieveNext Community 169 followers See all See all following
More Actions Glen has a account Glen Smith, CPA Tax Resolution Consultant | Audit Representation Glen A. Smith, CPA PC, the "Accountant to the people" Mercy College Albuquerque, New Mexico Area 140 140 connections Send InMail WHAT I DO: I find solutions to my clients tax problems. Are you facing an IRS audit? What about an appeals hearing? Is the IRS after you? Owe back taxes? Have unfiled tax returns? I represent my clients from the beginning to the end. My clients don't ever meet with government officials, I meet with them! There really is a solution to your tax problem! WHY IT WORKS: Believe it or not, the IRS wants a resolution to your tax problem as much as you do! As the old saying goes, "A little bit of something, is always better than a whole lot of nothing!"​ Many solutions are available that will satisfy the government. HOW IT WORKS: I use a three phase process. PHASE ONE, I initiate a FREE initial tax consultation, in the privacy of your home or business. Then, I can investigate your tax records and IRS notices, plus determine your preliminary financial position. After this, I can evaluate your unique tax problem and suggest what may be your solution. PHASE TWO, is compliance. The IRS will not settle any tax problem until the taxpayer is current with all required tax filings. That includes personal and business tax return filings. During phase one, we will determine what unfiled tax returns are outstanding and complete any deficiencies discovered. PHASE THREE, is the final and resolution stage. Here, a solution to your tax problem is determined and presented to the IRS. Common solutions are, Offer in Compromise or an installment agreement. Delayed payment agreements and currently not collectible are also solutions to a tax problem. Phase three is where reasons for penalty abatement are determined. I'm available by phone to discuss YOUR tax problem. Call 505-994-1277, leave your name and phone number, I'll get back to you. OR email me at, glen.smith.cpa@gmail.com! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Got IRS Problems? | Get Help Now | Quality Resolution of Tax Problems | FREE Consultation Company Name Glen A. Smith, CPA PC, the "Accountant to the people" Dates Employed Nov 1988 – Present Employment Duration 28 yrs 8 mos Location Rio Rancho NM WHAT I OFFER: Finding solutions for business and personal tax problems since 1988. Whether you owe back income taxes or payroll taxes. There is a solutions to everyone's tax problem. I offer you personalized, private and confidential appointments in your home or place of business. Tax resolution requires this level of service! Don't be fooled by the "over-the-phone"​, or "internet connection"​ interviewers. Do you really know who you are dealing with? This business requires face-to-face personalized contact with a seasoned tax professional that is present.WHAT OTHERS SAY: "you're the best Glen! The IRS said I owed over $12,000. When you settled my case, I owed nothing!"​ James Ball, Hollywood MD. | "Your tactics were great, I didn't have to see a single IRS official. They accepted your Offer In Compromise, and I have gotten on with my life."​ Donny Haynes, Prince Frederick MD | "I could have never gotten through my audit without your help and you took care of the IRS every step of the way."​ Dan Romero, Corrales NMContact me with your tax problems. Let me help you find YOUR solution. Call me at 505-994-1277, leave your name and phone number. I'll get back to you and schedule that FREE consultation, OR email your questions or concerns to glen.smith.cpa@gmail.com anytime! General Ledger Manager Company Name American Satellite Company Dates Employed Apr 1986 – Oct 1988 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Managed the Accounting department at American Satellite Company in Rockville MD Financial Analyst Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jul 1981 – Feb 1986 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Reported on $57 million budget to the managers of the computer development laboratory in Poughkeepsie NY Education Mercy College Degree Name Bachelor's of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Related Services Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1980 Tax Resolution Services, personal and business. Mercy College Degree Name Bachelor of Science, Accounting major Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 18 endorsements for Income Tax 18 Income Tax Belinda Copenhaver and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Belinda Copenhaver and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 9 endorsements for General Ledger 9 General Ledger Endorsed by Manoj Shah MBA, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Ginny Green Managing Owner at ATM Transmission Ctr September 24, 2015, Ginny was a client of Glen’s He's great! You should hire him! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Glen has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations American Legion National Society of Accountants National Society of Tax Professionals New Mexico Society of Certified Public Accountants Glen has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Horizon Satellite Services 556 followers Young Professionals of Albuquerque 1,141 members Albuquerque Job Seekers 437 members Mercy College 32,544 followers Mize Houser & Company P.A. 806 followers Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Farkas, CPA, MST Tax Consultant Farkas Tax Advisors Inc. San Diego State University-California State University Carlsbad, California 476 476 connections Send InMail I serve as a trusted advisor for many small businesses, real estate companies and their owners. My extensive experience encompasses all aspects of the real estate industry, ranging from developing tax saving strategies for owning and operating property to structuring and negotiating complex sales, acquisitions, and financing transactions. I serve a diverse client base that includes privately held and publicly traded real estate companies as well as hotel and hospitality entities and restaurants. I specialize in providing my clients with innovative and new ideas in order to meet my clients' overall tax goals, such as IRC Section 1031 structuring, installment sales, options, cost segregation studies, capital gain planning, estate planning, and more. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name Farkas Tax Advisors Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Carlsbad, CA I have extensive tax consulting experience with structuring real estate and company transactions as well as tax planning for the individuals who own and control those companies.I am responsible for all tax consulting and tax compliance matters for all types of taxable and tax-exempt business organizations, including: Individuals & Sole Proprietorships, Partnerships & LLCs, Subchapter S Corporations, Subchapter C Corporations, Estates & Trusts, Gift Tax Returns, and Non-Profit Organizations. Tax Senior Manager Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Provided my clients with recommendations and guidance on how to achieve their goals and assist them in identifying opportunities for their growth. Responsible for full management of client engagements, tax return review, tax planning, and tax consulting. Managed staff on engagement deliverables (such as financial statements, tax returns, work papers, etc.), and responsible for complete technical and strategic reviews as a member of the final engagement review team. Assisted my clients with complex tax returns including international, federal and multi-state returns for C Corporations, S corporations, partnerships, trusts & estates, and foundations. Tax Manager Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Responsible for full management of client engagements, tax return review, tax planning, and tax consulting. Tax Senior Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsible for securing and analyzing client tax data used in the preparation and or review of tax compliance products for individual, corporation, trust, and partnership tax returns. Tax Staff Accountant Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Responsible for securing and analyzing client tax data used in the preparation of partnerships, corporate, individual and trust income tax returns, tax projections, and tax consulting engagements. See more positions Education San Diego State University-California State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Nicholls State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Track program Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 46 endorsements for Tax 46 Tax Endorsed by Kate Leonard and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 25 endorsements for Tax Advisory 25 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 7 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 16 endorsements for Tax Preparation 16 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 7 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jivko Pentchev Owner at Secure4u April 8, 2015, Jivko was a client of Andy’s Andy is a great high level CPA ! I recommend Andy to keep this level and be one of the best ! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andy has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Good to Great by Jim Collins The 15 Invaluable Laws of Growth by John C. Maxwell The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership by John C. Maxwell The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen R. Covey Andy has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hungarian Andy has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA) Andy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Andy has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Upstream Academy Interests National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Strategic Operations Inc. 1,343 followers SDSU Alumni OFFICIAL 11,102 members real estate investor network 4,986 members Squar Milner 3,010 followers San Diego State University 227,494 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marion (Bud) has a account Marion (Bud) Shore CPA/PFS Founder and Managing Member at Shoreline Asset Management, LLC Shoreline Asset Management, LLC Ball State University - Miller College of Business New Castle, Indiana 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As a CPA, Bud has had over thirty-five years of experience assisting individuals and small businesses with their financial and tax planning needs. He founded Shoreline Asset Management, LLC, and since 1998 has used his experience to help individuals with investment advice and wealth management. Specialties: Bud provides investment advice and wealth management services to attorneys, business owners transitioning their business, physicians and others. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Member Company Name Shoreline Asset Management, LLC Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 3 mos Location New Castle, Shelbyville and Indianapolis, IN Along with my strategic partners, I provide wealth management services to my clients. This includes investment consulting, and strategies for wealth enhancement, wealth protection, wealth transfer and charitable giving. We are your personal CFO. President Company Name Shore & Company, PC Dates Employed Jul 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs Director Company Name Citizens State Bank Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 3 mos Citizens State Bank in New Castle is a locally owned & operated financial institution providing both business and personal banking services. Board of Trustees Company Name Henry County Hospital Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 6 mos Location New Castle, IN Member Board Of Trustees Company Name Earlham College Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Richmond, Indiana See more positions Education Ball State University - Miller College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma Honorary Completed this course of study while working full time and Simmons & Company Ball State University - Miller College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1976 Activities and Societies: Chancellor of Delta Sigma Pi, Treasurer of Blue Key, President of Accounting Club, Ball State Fellowship of Friends, College of Business Building Committee Graduated with honors with a double major in accounting and finance Blue River Valley High School Degree Name Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1972 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Wendy Cook Writer, Editor and Owner of Wendy J. Cook Communications, LLC November 8, 2012, Marion (Bud) was a client of Wendy’s Wendy did a wonderful job for us in writing the content for or re-designed website. Wendy listened to us and was able to use our voice in the content. Wendy was very punctual and kept all of the participants, including the designer, moving forward on the project. I believe our new website says what we do and in the way we would say it - just better. Accomplishments Marion (Bud) has 8 organizations 8 Expand organizations section Organizations Level 7 Un-Networking Earlham College Foundation Board Henry County Community Foundation Henry County YMCA New Castle Rotary Club American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Indiana CPA Society Henry County Library Marion (Bud) has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Beta Gamma Sigma Blue Key Honorary Interests Ball State University - Miller College of Business 18,082 followers Ball State University Alumni Association (Official) 12,510 members The BAM ALLIANCE 441 members Financial Advisor Network (FAN) 30,236 members Evidence-Based Advisors 3,313 members Shoreline Asset Management LLC 16 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mario has a account Mario Flores Senior Tax Accountant at Turner Construction Company Turner Construction Company Centenary College Englewood, New Jersey 219 219 connections Send InMail I am highly organized and detailed, very passionate about my work in the field of accounting, tax, and finance. My performance and commitment may be measured as I am a holder of an MBA degree in financial management, with several years of accounting, tax, and finance experience as a result of working in diverse industries such as a commercial banking, leasing, hospitality, business systems company, and currently a construction company. My key attributes are in accounting and financial reporting, general ledger analysis, income tax, state, audits, and indirect tax. My current engagement involves Indirect tax compliance, and other projects. Other projects include SAP reconciliations, VAT, GST/HST, Sabrix updates, Unclaimed Property Compliance, and Personal Property Tax. I am always open to constructive criticism, and I admire individuals who can enlighten me. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Turner Construction Company Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Montvale, NJ. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Re:Sources USA Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location NYC Compliance, Indirect Tax, Corporate Income Tax, Audits. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name CIT Group, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 9 mos Location New Jersey Compliance, Indirect Tax, Corporate Income Tax, Audits. Education Centenary College Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Centenary College Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Fairleigh Dickinson University-College at Florham Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Volunteer Experience Assistant Company Name United Way of New York City Cause Social Services Assistant Company Name Habitat for Humanity New York City Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Endorsed by Debra J. Eckardt-Schnellbacher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 9 endorsements for Auditing 9 Auditing Endorsed by Debra J. Eckardt-Schnellbacher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 9 endorsements for Corporate Tax 9 Corporate Tax Sandy Chau and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mario has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Korean Spanish Mario has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations My Stylist LLC Knickerbocker Hills Condo Association Mario has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Employee of the Quarter Interests Hudson County Community College 8,607 followers Coda Search 11,149 followers Hudson County Community College 9,361 followers Structure Tone 19,596 followers Centenary University 10,365 followers Terumo Medical Corporation 30,816 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carl has a account Carl Peterson VP - Small Firm Interests at AICPA AICPA Kansas State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 463 463 connections Send InMail CPA with substantial experience in the real estate industry. Past Chair of the Minnesota Society of CPAs and was a member of the AICPA Governing Council. Active in state CPA society political action committee promoting fair tax policy for our profession, for clients and for business. Active in promoting ethical business cultures in MN through the MN Business Ethics Award organization. Managing partner in local firm with 4 professionals providing tax and consulting services in Minnesota and many other states. Specialties: Real estate, professional service firms, section 42 investment tax credits, executive compensation, IT consultants, other service industries and light manufacturing companies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience VP - Small Firm Interests Company Name AICPA Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Advocating for and being a strong voice for small CPA firms and CPA practitioners. CPA/Managing Ptr Company Name Peterson, Peterson & Associates, PLC Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Education Kansas State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Activities and Societies: Resident Assistant, co-rec sports Entered K State as an electrical engineering major and came out as an accounting major. However, my interest in electrical engineering and technology continues. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 37 endorsements for CPA 37 CPA Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jonathan Monson Communication Coach at Executive Speaking, Inc. September 20, 2016, Carl was a client of Jonathan’s Jonathan has this great ability to recognize your speaking abilities and communicate your opportunities for improvement. He does it in a way that is not only right on the money but with very practical examples that fit in real world situations, from C-suite meetings to keynote speeches. Accomplishments Interests Bloomberg 1,268,806 followers Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members Kansas State University 130,947 followers International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) 9,412 members Cindy FornelliCindy Fornelli is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Center for Audit Quality 380,647 followers Accounting Today 428,468 followers See all See all following
More Actions JAMES has a account JAMES BELLMORE Tax Resolution Specialist FEDERAL TAX RESOLUTION LLC Detroit College of Business Flint, Michigan 292 292 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name FEDERAL TAX RESOLUTION LLC Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location 1408 W. Hill Rd, Flint Mi Media (1) This position has 1 media Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting This media is a link President Company Name BELLMORE'S TAX SPECIALISTS Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs Location 1408 W. Hill Rd, Suite C, Flint Mi Media (1) This position has 1 media Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting This media is a link Tax Resolution Manager Company Name Fiducial Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Accounting Instructor Company Name Davenport University Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Sep 2004 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Taught Intermediate Accounting and Tax Law. Revenue Officer and Revenue Agent Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates Employed Aug 1987 – Sep 1991 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Education Detroit College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 47 endorsements for Tax 47 Tax Endorsed by 11 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Endorsed by 6 people who know Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 33 endorsements for Corporate Tax 33 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 9 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 32 endorsements for Income Tax 32 Income Tax Endorsed by 8 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michele Robbins CPA CPA, Tax Manager at Lake Brown Williams CPAs and Consultants, Inc. February 21, 2012, Michele was senior to JAMES but didn’t manage directly I have had the privilege of working with Michele and have found her to be a highly detailed and organized manager. She has proven herself to be knowledgeable with tax law and accounting principles. Often times she has helped with insightful advice when dealing with different situations which resulted in successful outcomes. Michele has acted with the highest ethical standards which I find admirable but so often lacking in the business world. Accomplishments Interests Tax Professionals 114,664 members Flint & Genesee Chamber of Commerce 808 members Harvard Business Review 1,416,436 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members TaxQueries.com - Your source for tax questions and answers. 7,029 members Fiducial 10,384 followers
More Actions Karla has a account Karla Scott Accountant at Market Accounting Market Accounting Riverside, Illinois 41 41 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Market Accounting Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Farkas, CPA, MST Tax Consultant Farkas Tax Advisors Inc. San Diego State University-California State University Carlsbad, California 476 476 connections Send InMail I serve as a trusted advisor for many small businesses, real estate companies and their owners. My extensive experience encompasses all aspects of the real estate industry, ranging from developing tax saving strategies for owning and operating property to structuring and negotiating complex sales, acquisitions, and financing transactions. I serve a diverse client base that includes privately held and publicly traded real estate companies as well as hotel and hospitality entities and restaurants. I specialize in providing my clients with innovative and new ideas in order to meet my clients' overall tax goals, such as IRC Section 1031 structuring, installment sales, options, cost segregation studies, capital gain planning, estate planning, and more. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name Farkas Tax Advisors Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Carlsbad, CA I have extensive tax consulting experience with structuring real estate and company transactions as well as tax planning for the individuals who own and control those companies.I am responsible for all tax consulting and tax compliance matters for all types of taxable and tax-exempt business organizations, including: Individuals & Sole Proprietorships, Partnerships & LLCs, Subchapter S Corporations, Subchapter C Corporations, Estates & Trusts, Gift Tax Returns, and Non-Profit Organizations. Tax Senior Manager Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Provided my clients with recommendations and guidance on how to achieve their goals and assist them in identifying opportunities for their growth. Responsible for full management of client engagements, tax return review, tax planning, and tax consulting. Managed staff on engagement deliverables (such as financial statements, tax returns, work papers, etc.), and responsible for complete technical and strategic reviews as a member of the final engagement review team. Assisted my clients with complex tax returns including international, federal and multi-state returns for C Corporations, S corporations, partnerships, trusts & estates, and foundations. Tax Manager Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Responsible for full management of client engagements, tax return review, tax planning, and tax consulting. Tax Senior Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsible for securing and analyzing client tax data used in the preparation and or review of tax compliance products for individual, corporation, trust, and partnership tax returns. Tax Staff Accountant Company Name RPR Partners, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Responsible for securing and analyzing client tax data used in the preparation of partnerships, corporate, individual and trust income tax returns, tax projections, and tax consulting engagements. See more positions Education San Diego State University-California State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Nicholls State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Track program Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 46 endorsements for Tax 46 Tax Endorsed by Kate Leonard and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 25 endorsements for Tax Advisory 25 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 7 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 16 endorsements for Tax Preparation 16 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 7 of Andy’s colleagues at RPR Partners, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jivko Pentchev Owner at Secure4u April 8, 2015, Jivko was a client of Andy’s Andy is a great high level CPA ! I recommend Andy to keep this level and be one of the best ! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andy has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Good to Great by Jim Collins The 15 Invaluable Laws of Growth by John C. Maxwell The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership by John C. Maxwell The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen R. Covey Andy has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hungarian Andy has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA) Andy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Andy has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Upstream Academy Interests San Diego State University 239,578 followers National Society of Accountants 10,129 members H.G. Fenton Company 1,495 followers All Hungary Media Group 25 followers State Tax Professionals 3,894 members Pacific Medical Buildings (PMB LLC) 397 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carl has a account Carl Peterson VP - Small Firm Interests at AICPA AICPA Kansas State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 463 463 connections Send InMail CPA with substantial experience in the real estate industry. Past Chair of the Minnesota Society of CPAs and was a member of the AICPA Governing Council. Active in state CPA society political action committee promoting fair tax policy for our profession, for clients and for business. Active in promoting ethical business cultures in MN through the MN Business Ethics Award organization. Managing partner in local firm with 4 professionals providing tax and consulting services in Minnesota and many other states. Specialties: Real estate, professional service firms, section 42 investment tax credits, executive compensation, IT consultants, other service industries and light manufacturing companies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience VP - Small Firm Interests Company Name AICPA Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Advocating for and being a strong voice for small CPA firms and CPA practitioners. CPA/Managing Ptr Company Name Peterson, Peterson & Associates, PLC Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Education Kansas State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Activities and Societies: Resident Assistant, co-rec sports Entered K State as an electrical engineering major and came out as an accounting major. However, my interest in electrical engineering and technology continues. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 37 endorsements for CPA 37 CPA Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 26 endorsements for Accounting 26 Accounting Endorsed by Jina Etienne, CPA, CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jonathan Monson Communication Coach at Executive Speaking, Inc. September 20, 2016, Carl was a client of Jonathan’s Jonathan has this great ability to recognize your speaking abilities and communicate your opportunities for improvement. He does it in a way that is not only right on the money but with very practical examples that fit in real world situations, from C-suite meetings to keynote speeches. Accomplishments Interests Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,012 members Kansas State University 130,947 followers Accounting Today 428,468 followers Accounting Today | Discussion Group 20,407 members Cindy FornelliCindy Fornelli is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Center for Audit Quality 380,647 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mario has a account Mario Flores Senior Tax Accountant at Turner Construction Company Turner Construction Company Centenary College Englewood, New Jersey 219 219 connections Send InMail I am highly organized and detailed, very passionate about my work in the field of accounting, tax, and finance. My performance and commitment may be measured as I am a holder of an MBA degree in financial management, with several years of accounting, tax, and finance experience as a result of working in diverse industries such as a commercial banking, leasing, hospitality, business systems company, and currently a construction company. My key attributes are in accounting and financial reporting, general ledger analysis, income tax, state, audits, and indirect tax. My current engagement involves Indirect tax compliance, and other projects. Other projects include SAP reconciliations, VAT, GST/HST, Sabrix updates, Unclaimed Property Compliance, and Personal Property Tax. I am always open to constructive criticism, and I admire individuals who can enlighten me. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Turner Construction Company Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Montvale, NJ. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Re:Sources USA Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location NYC Compliance, Indirect Tax, Corporate Income Tax, Audits. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name CIT Group, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 9 mos Location New Jersey Compliance, Indirect Tax, Corporate Income Tax, Audits. Education Centenary College Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Centenary College Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Fairleigh Dickinson University-College at Florham Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Volunteer Experience Assistant Company Name United Way of New York City Cause Social Services Assistant Company Name Habitat for Humanity New York City Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Endorsed by Debra J. Eckardt-Schnellbacher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 9 endorsements for Auditing 9 Auditing Endorsed by Debra J. Eckardt-Schnellbacher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 9 endorsements for Corporate Tax 9 Corporate Tax Sandy Chau and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mario has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Korean Spanish Mario has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations My Stylist LLC Knickerbocker Hills Condo Association Mario has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Employee of the Quarter Interests Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE 6,282 followers Clark Construction Group, LLC 39,922 followers Coda Search 11,149 followers Fairleigh Dickinson University 73,550 followers Lucas Group 66,523 followers NEW YORK CITY JOBS & CAREERS NETWORK 79,353 members See all See all following
More Actions JAMES has a account JAMES BELLMORE Tax Resolution Specialist FEDERAL TAX RESOLUTION LLC Detroit College of Business Flint, Michigan 292 292 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name FEDERAL TAX RESOLUTION LLC Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location 1408 W. Hill Rd, Flint Mi Media (1) This position has 1 media Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting This media is a link President Company Name BELLMORE'S TAX SPECIALISTS Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs Location 1408 W. Hill Rd, Suite C, Flint Mi Media (1) This position has 1 media Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting Jim Bellmore's Tax Specialist Consulting This media is a link Tax Resolution Manager Company Name Fiducial Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Accounting Instructor Company Name Davenport University Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Sep 2004 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Taught Intermediate Accounting and Tax Law. Revenue Officer and Revenue Agent Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates Employed Aug 1987 – Sep 1991 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Education Detroit College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 47 endorsements for Tax 47 Tax Endorsed by 11 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 33 endorsements for Corporate Tax 33 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 9 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 32 endorsements for Income Tax 32 Income Tax Endorsed by 8 of JAMES’ colleagues at Fiducial Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michele Robbins CPA CPA, Tax Manager at Lake Brown Williams CPAs and Consultants, Inc. February 21, 2012, Michele was senior to JAMES but didn’t manage directly I have had the privilege of working with Michele and have found her to be a highly detailed and organized manager. She has proven herself to be knowledgeable with tax law and accounting principles. Often times she has helped with insightful advice when dealing with different situations which resulted in successful outcomes. Michele has acted with the highest ethical standards which I find admirable but so often lacking in the business world. Accomplishments Interests Harvard Business Review 1,416,436 members Flint & Genesee Chamber of Commerce 808 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members TaxQueries.com - Your source for tax questions and answers. 7,029 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members Fiducial 10,384 followers
More Actions Karla has a account Karla Scott Accountant at Market Accounting Market Accounting Riverside, Illinois 41 41 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Market Accounting Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Ruslan has a account Ruslan Magidov Tax,Production/Tour Accounting,Financial Statement Audits, Bookkeeping, Business Management,Forensic/Divorce Accounting Magidov CPA Firm An Accountancy Corporation ("MCF") UCLA Extension Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Call me at (310) 278-5004 for information about our tax and accounting services. Financial executive with over 15 years of experience in public accounting providing tax, accounting, certified financial statement audits, and business management services to high net worth individuals, their privately held businesses, from start-ups to already established, and not-for-profit organizations. Extensive experience in financial statement audits and tax enabled him to develop expertise in family law matters. His family law expertise includes cash flow analysis, marital standard of living analysis, business valuations, tracing of separate property assets, child and spousal support calculations using the DissoMaster. In addition, he has been involved in insurance cases involving loss of earnings and other damage analysis. Licensed as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) - State of California. Member, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Member, California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA). Member, Tax Section of American Institute of CPAs. Member, Forensic Service Section of California Society of CPAs. Member, Personal Financial Planning Section of American Institute of CPAs. Certified ProAdvisor in QuickBooks, Intuit Inc See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Magidov CPA Firm An Accountancy Corporation ("MCF") Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location La Cienega/Olympic, West Hollywood and Burbank, CA A full service accounting firm specializing in tax, accounting, financial statement audits, business management, and forensic services for high net worth individuals, their businesses, and not-for-profit organizations. Our services include but not limited to the following:Tax Preparation, Tax Planning, IRS & FTB Representation Business Management & BookkeepingProduction and Tour AccountingFinancial Statement Audits, Reviews, & CompilationsForeign TransactionsEntity Structure Planning Estate Tax & Gift PlanningForensic Accounting, Family Law, Business Valuations, Litigation SupportOur niche markets include the following:Entertainment (Loan-outs, Studios, Productions, Actors, Directors, Writers, Producers, Musicians, Singers, Talent Agents, Photographers, etc.)Family WealthNonprofits and FoundationsRabbis and Religious OrganizationsReal Estate Brokers and Professionals Investment Advisors and Financial Planners Small to Middle MarketPrivate SchoolsLaw FirmsMedical Professionals Sales & Marketing ProfessionalsExecutives and Business ProfessionalsTradesmen (Iron Workers,Electricians, Plumbers, Carpenters, etc.)Teachers, Firefighters & Law EnforcementStart Up CompaniesTrusts and Estates Family Law, Business Valuations, Tracing, Division of Property, Spousal Support, Etc. We service communities surrounding Los Angeles. Media (1) This position has 1 media Magidov CPA Firm Magidov CPA Firm This media is a link Senior Tax Accountant - Per Diem Company Name Meschures, Thompson, Snyder, Pocras & Levine, PC ("MTSPL") Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Beverly Hills, CA A sizable, top notch business management firm in Beverly Hills. Senior Tax Accountant - Per Diem Company Name Meschures, Thompson, Snyder, Pocras & Levine, PC ("MTSPL") Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Beverly Hills, CA A sizable, top notch business management firm in Beverly Hills. Tax Manager Company Name Fulton & Meyer ("F&M") Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Encino, CA A 40-member tax and accounting firm specializing in tax planning, tax preparation, and business management for high net worth individuals and their businesses. Primary industry focus was entertainers, medical, and real estate professionals. Manager/Forensic Accountant Company Name Zivetz, Schwartz, & Saltsman CPAs ("ZSS") Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 10 mos Location West Los Angeles, CA A well-established full service CPA firm specializing in assurance, tax advisory, and litigation support for high net worth individuals and their businesses. Industries served included healthcare network, wholesellers, distributors, construction, educational support nonprofits, software start-ups, industrial drums, trusts, estates, real estate partnerships, equipment manufacturers, and jewelers. See more positions Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Completed Production Accounting for Film and TV Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Investment Banking Institute Field Of Study Completed intensive financial modeling and valuation training program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Family Law & Business Valuation Courses Since 2007 Field Of Study Family law, business valuation, economic damages, litigation support See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 114 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Emily Sang, CPA MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 109 endorsements for Auditing 99+ Auditing Endorsed by Robert L. Hymers III, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 105 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Roland Crim and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (7) Alana Roshay Real Estate Associate March 7, 2012, Alana was a client of Ruslan’s I have benefited greatly by Ruslan's support, knowledge, and comprehensive understanding about his field. He's truly a pleasure to work with and the high level of transparency and care he's provided to me and my business speaks volumes to his experience. I reccomend him to all my clients and will continue to, Diego Viramontes, CPA Accounting Manager at MUNGER FARMS January 28, 2012, Diego reported directly to Ruslan It is with great pleasure that I recommend Ruslan, who I've worked under for nearly 2 years. I have yet to meet an individual who takes as much pride in his work and is as dedicated to growing and developing his expertise in various areas of the profession. Ruslan is responsible for much of my professional development while at ZSS due to his extensive knowledge and interest in a number of different areas of accounting. Ruslan's experience, knowledge and work ethic make him a vital part of any organization’s operations. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Jeremy Wiss, MBA Financial Planner, Adviser, & Insurance Specialist December 10, 2014, Ruslan was a client of Jeremy’s I have known Jeremy for quite sometime now. He has been a key resource to me and my business. His enthusiasm, professionalism, and credentials along with his positive and down to earth attitude are particularly impressive. I look forward to referring and doing business with Jeremy for years to come. BK Seminar Pros -- November 24, 2012, Ruslan worked with BK Seminar but at different companies At BK Seminar Pros, I have learned a great deal about Ch 7 and Ch 13 bankruptcy laws as an attendee. I was also engaged as a speaker to talk about tax consequences of debt discharged in a bankruptcy. BK Seminar Pros are a great source of education as well as referrals. I would recommend BK Seminar Pros to anyone. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ruslan has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified ProAdvisor in QuickBooks Certified Public Accountant Ruslan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests PANALITIX 4,066 followers California State University, Northridge 169,580 followers Reservoir 22 followers Education Advantage Foundation 15 followers Fulton Management 112 followers American Trial Attorneys in Defense of Israel 306 members See all See all following
More Actions George has a account George Luces Financial Analyst/Sr. Accountant at ABB, Inc. ABB, Inc. St. Francis College Boca Raton, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail GLuces@hotmail.com -- All invitations to connect are welcome, no IDK. ACCOUNTANT/FINANCE PROFESSIONAL I am actively pursuing new Accounting & Finance opportunities in the South Florida area. Accomplished, versatile, and detail-oriented Financial/Accounting Leader with over 10 years of accounting and financial analysis experience. Proven track-record of completing complex accounting projects and year-end audits with precision and accuracy within stringent time restraints. Experience-based knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principals (GAAP), with a strong ability to investigate, analyze, and prepare financial information in support of various groups. Hands-on experience in managing accounts receivables/payables, fixed assets, cash management, procurement, internal controls and financial reporting/analysis operations. Proficient in MS Office, Lotus Notes, SAP, Oracle, Hyperion, PeopleSoft, Lawson GL, Blackline, Trintech, Quickbooks, Great Plains, ADP Pay Expert, RMS, Turbo Tax, Fund EZ. Fluent in Spanish and conversational Portuguese. CORE COMPETENCIES ● General Ledger Accounting ● Budget/Forecasting ● GAAP/ SOX Compliance ● Financial Analysis & Reporting ● Audits & Financial Statements ● Teamwork/Communication ● Process Improvement ● Cash Management ● Organizational Cost Savings ● Payroll Management ● Financial Reconciliations ● Month-end Close ● Internal Controls See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Analyst/Sr. Accountant Company Name ABB, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Coral Springs, FL Investigate, analyze and prepare financial and business information in support of various functional groups; as well as compile information and prepare reports, graphs, and charts as necessary.Analyze trends affecting various financial activities and assist Controller with SAP month-end closing, SOX compliance reporting, and budget preparation. Sr. Accountant Company Name Tyco/United Rentals/Saddle Creek Logistics Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Tampa & Boca Raton Prepared account reconciliations including payroll garnishment using Oracle & Blackline account reconciliation system.Reconciled payment made against customer accounts to determine where funds should be applied, as well as 2 lockbox accounts.Setup accounts in the automated cash reconciliation system and determined reconciliation system rules.Designed, created and developed reporting and performance measurement metrics.Assisted with general ledger entries, month-end closing and balance sheet accounts reconciliation for selected business units. Sr. Financial Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Provided assistance to the Financial Reporting Operations Group which supports Citi’s Finance function and is responsible for managing diverse finance processes such as Systems Operations, Operational Accounting and Balance Sheet Control, Financial & US Regulatory Reporting, Management and Treasury Reporting.Contributed to the timely and accurate production of the Balance Sheet Review package/binder.Prepared and/or reviewed journal entries and reconciliations of various accounts.Performed successful research of reconciling items and ensured compliance with corporate findings Accountant Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Lakeland, Florida Area Assist with development of continuos application process efficiencies.Report payment application data analysis to management.Perform suscessfull account reconciliations and resolve any outstanding transactions.Track metrics data on unapplied cash amounts and perform other analysis tasks as required.Assist with month-end closing preparation, verify monthly payment totals and resolve discrepancies. Deferred Contract Accountant Company Name Coca-Cola Enterprises Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos As a Deferred Contract Accountant, I performed GL functions (month-end close and account reconciliation) for $110 million assigned business unit.• Prepared account analysis, journal entries and financial reporting including monthly operating reports and quarterly and year-end corporate reporting packages using SAP, RMS and MS Access.• Increased 40% clients' satisfaction by improving communication procedures for decreasing outstanding contract payments with sales center managers. See more positions Education St. Francis College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Taylor Business Institute Degree Name AS Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 14 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 14 Account Reconciliation Bradford Oliver M.B.A. and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by Hussain R. Mohammed 8,000 followers Plus, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 9 endorsements for Payroll 9 Payroll Endorsed by 2 of George’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Rafael Paulino CFO at Creative LifeStyles, Inc. December 9, 2009, Rafael managed George directly George is an excellent individual. His professional qualities and performance as both Payroll and AP Manager while at CLS were second to none. George was a pleasure to work with. Robert McEachnie Chief Operating Officer at Joe Gear Companies November 23, 2009, George worked with Robert in the same group “George is very passionate about accounting and the people he interacts with on a daily basis. He is a strategic focused individual who has extensive experience in all areas of accounting. His passion and in-depth applied knowledge for accounting will only add company value, effectivenss and profitability to their bottom line. Any organization would be well served in employing his services.” Raju M Sr. Technical Recruiter at cyberThink Inc September 24, 2014, George was a client of Raju’s Raju was instrumental in getting my next contract. He showed professionalism and was able to get me to work, as soon as possible. I am honor to recommend him as a Tecnical Recruiter. Accomplishments George has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Kforce Inc 107,840 followers AccorHotels 309,824 followers Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement (HACE) 9,364 members Sanford Barrows Group 1,041 followers Carnival Cruise Line 81,371 followers Adecco 936,134 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jacob has a account Jacob Shelton Farmer Services at Farm Bureau Insurance of Tennessee Farm Bureau Insurance of Tennessee Union University Jackson, Tennessee 376 376 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Farmer Services Company Name Farm Bureau Insurance of Tennessee Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location West Tennessee Providing Tax Accounting and Tax Management to local farmers and business owners. Financial Advisor Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jul 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Jackson, Tennessee Area Selling investment products to clients, including physicians and medical specialists, and B2B to small and large corporations. Planned and presented financial seminars. Acquired series 3 commodity license•Top 5% out of 120 brokers, 2010-11•Grew client base by $5 million, 2010-11•Quarterly monetary and stock bonuses•Invited to speak on sales strategies panel in Newark, New Jersey (2010) Financial Advisor Company Name First State Bank/ LPL Financial Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jackson, TN Sold and managed retirement plans, B2B to corporations. Managed a 7-county territory. Planned and presented financial seminars.•Grew business by $3 million in seven months Financial Advisor Company Name Morgan Keegan Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Jackson, Tennessee Area Sold investment products B2B to small and large corporations. Managed a multi-million dollar portfolio with over 200 clients.Acquired series 7, 66 and insurance license•Exceeded company growth goals by 110%, 2007•Grew client portfolio by $12 million, 2007•Award trips, 2007 & 2008•Top 5% out of 80 advisors/brokers, 2007 & 2008 Account Control Agreement Coordinator Company Name Morgan Keegan Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Memphis, TN Piloted a successful new position of controlling account documents•Promoted twice, 2005-2006•Cross trained in multiple departments Education Union University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Management/Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Insurance See 12 endorsements for Insurance 12 Insurance Bethany Key and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 12 endorsements for Sales 12 Sales Bethany Key and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Bethany Key and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Brett Hunt Financial Advisor at Merrill Lynch May 9, 2012, Brett worked with Jacob but at different companies I have considered Jacob a great resource since getting into the financial services industry. He is one of the more knowledgeable people I have met in this industry and he possesses great leadership skills. Cole Shelton, CFP® Financial Consultant at Hilliard Lyons May 3, 2012, Cole worked with Jacob but at different companies Jacob Shelton will be a great asset to whoever he works for during his lifetime. Throughout his career Jacob has demonstrated the skills and determination that is takes to be successful in life. Sales can be one of the toughest jobs that one can have, and Jacob's commitment and leadership qualities have shown that he has what it takes to succeed day in and day out. Not only is he very personable when it comes to relating people, but he also has the knowledge and desire to master the products and sales techniques to get the job done. I would highly recommend Jacob Shelton in any form of sales, leadership, or marketing job to the best of firms. Jacob is a must have for any firm that desires to be highly thought of and wants to be the best. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Medical Device Development, Marketing And Sales 133,039 members Farm Bureau Insurance of Tennessee 1,660 followers Medical Device Sales & Marketing: Cardiovascular, Orthopedic, Imaging, Robotic, Implantable Devices 23,076 members Med-Surg-Sales 12,382 members Pharmaceuticals - Biotech Sales Rep Recruiters 9,223 members Union University 13,849 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sue has a account Sue Lee Certified Public Accountant at Lee and Associates, CPAs, Inc. Lee and Associates, CPAs, Inc. Southeastern Oklahoma State University Atoka, Oklahoma 128 128 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Lee and Associates, CPAs, Inc. Dates Employed 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs Location Atoka, Oklahoma In public accounting practice with my fellow CPA husband, Jay Lee, since 1988. We provide year-round accounting and payroll tax services for area businesses. Our tax preparation services include individual and all business entity tax types (partnership, LLCs, corporate). Adolescent Program Director Company Name YMCA Richardson, Texas Dates Employed Apr 1986 – Dec 1988 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Richardson, Texas YMCA facility coordinator of all teenage programming in the Richardson area including Youth and Government, Counselors-in-Training, junior high and high school youth special events, out-of-town trips coordinator which provided youth outdoor experiences in a variety of settings. Corporate Training Specialist Company Name RepublicBank Dallas Dates Employed Sep 1983 – Apr 1986 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Downtown Dallas, TX Conducted workshops for bank employees in wide range of program topics. Coordinated in-bank seminars and workshops for bank employee development. Conducted new employee orientation seminars. Education Southeastern Oklahoma State University Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Approx. 30 additional hours of accounting was taken as requirement to sit for the CPA exam in Oklahoma. In 1994, received State of Oklahoma CPA certificate. Truman State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Communications Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Interpersonal Communications Club Campus Student Ambassador Resident Assistant in Ryle Hall 1982-83 Lifeguard at college pool facility Southeastern Iowa Community College Degree Name AA Field Of Study Associates of Arts Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 13 endorsements for Tax Preparation 13 Tax Preparation Benny Bruton and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 6 endorsements for Tax Accounting 6 Tax Accounting Crystal Lee and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Accounting See 2 endorsements for Small Business Accounting 2 Small Business Accounting Dennis R. Madden, MA. LPCS NCC and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sue has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests CPA Practice Advisor 5,818 members Journal of Accountancy 3,559 members YMCA of Metropolitan Dallas 1,850 followers Motivational Speaker Academy 13,500 members Weight-watchers at work 1,927 members Motivation Nation 21,120 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard M. has a account Richard M. Wise, JD, CPA Member, Wise & Scott, LLC. Wise & Scott, LLC. Washington University in St. Louis School of Law Greater St. Louis Area 160 160 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Member Company Name Wise & Scott, LLC. Dates Employed Sep 1989 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 10 mos Location 2333 Grissom Drive, Sutie 106 St. Louis, MO 63146 Tax Controversy Representation, Tax and Estate Planning, Tax Return Preparation including Individual, Corporate, Partnership, Nonprofit, and Fiduciary Tax Returns Education Washington University in St. Louis School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 University of Rochester Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 University of Rochester Degree Name BA Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 20 endorsements for Tax 20 Tax Endorsed by Janette Lohman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 11 endorsements for Tax Preparation 11 Tax Preparation Rebecca (Becky) Rabbitt and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 9 endorsements for Tax Returns 9 Tax Returns April Sheets and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Washington University in St. Louis School of Law 23,648 followers University of Rochester 74,021 followers University of Rochester 65,384 followers Washington University in St. Louis School of Law 23,516 followers
More Actions Sheldon has a account Sheldon Goodman Owner, spectrum diversified designs spectrum diversified designs University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Staff accountant p.w.c., tax accountant kpmg, V.P. interdesign inc-finance and operations. Began start up business, spectrum diversified designs inc. in 1985. Manufacturer and designer of lifestyle household products. Spectrum sells to thousands of accounts in the U.S.A. and internationally. Specialties: product development,operations,business management,strategy and tactics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name spectrum diversified designs Dates Employed Jun 1985 – Present Employment Duration 32 yrs 1 mo vice president of finance and operations Company Name interDesign, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1978 – Nov 1984 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos staff accountant Company Name Price Waterhouse Coopers Dates Employed Dec 1975 – Jul 1977 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business Degree Name mba Field Of Study accounting/finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1975 Activities and Societies: teaching assistant university of cincinatti Degree Name bba Field Of Study accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 34 endorsements for Product Development 34 Product Development Endorsed by Jim Cook and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sheldon’s colleagues at Spectrum Diversified Designs, LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Howard Locker and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 13 endorsements for Start-ups 13 Start-ups HARVEY LEVINSON and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Rich Barle Rich Barle: Seeking sales management position. CPG professional, branded, private label, regulatory, FDM and Specialty February 15, 2011, Sheldon managed Rich directly rich barle worked for spectrum as a national sales manager. the job entailed sales to key accounts and management of independent sales representatives. his work product was very good. he was accurate, his follow up was flawless, and he was well respected by both the representative and the customer community. he always presented himself in a professional manner. Brian Stelmarski Principal Designer at InterDesign, Inc. February 13, 2011, Sheldon managed Brian directly brian worked at spectrum for over 7 years. he did a great job. very creative, great solid work skills. well organized and detail oriented. Accomplishments Interests University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business 18,946 followers Seidler Capital Partners 16 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business 18,701 followers Product Design 64,250 members The Economist 4,125,411 followers Fox News 106,639 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kathleen has a account Kathleen Li, CPA, CA Senior Manager - US Tax at Deloitte Canada Deloitte Canada University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kathleen’s Activity 534 followers About a month ago, I had the great privilege of graduating from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. I could not have done it without all the friends who have supported me, the professors that have pushed me, and most importantly, my parents who have done everything they could to get me to where I am today. Not many people realize that my parents run a food truck on Penn's campus or know that they get up at 3AM and work until 8PM or later every single day. They have done this for the past 10 years to ensure that my sister and I have food on the table, a home to come back to, and above all, that we both receive a great education. It is their degree as much as it is mine. Kathleen liked We are very pleased to have Katrina Robson, Esq. join BDO Canada to lead our US State and Local Tax practice. Katrina will be based in Toronto, but she will working with BDO clients throughout Canada assisting on their US state corporate income and sales tax matters. Kathleen liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Senior Manager, Taxation Company Name KIK Custom Products Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Senior Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Tax Analyst - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Mathematics / Chartered Accountancy Honours Bachelor of Mathematics - Major in Finance and Accounting University of Waterloo Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by Tarun Malpani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kathleen’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 6 endorsements for Auditing 6 Auditing Tarun Malpani and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 5 endorsements for Accounting 5 Accounting Endorsed by Tarun Malpani, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kathleen has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Kathleen has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA, CA Interests KPMG in Waterloo Alumni 179 members Young Bay Street Professionals 7,617 members Deloitte Canada 73,624 followers KIK Custom Products 6,879 followers KPMG in Canada Alumni 9,217 members University of Waterloo 172,175 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tracy has a account Tracy White Human Resources Royal Credit Union - RCU Leadership Chippewa Falls Eau Claire, Wisconsin 440 440 connections Send InMail A highly reliable and dedicated human resources and training professional with demonstrated experience in training and development, coaching, performance management, culture alignment, recruiting, orientation, employee relations, and systems/process improvement. Strong communication skills that establish positive relationships and influence successful leadership, problem solving and employee relations. A leader and facilitator of training and continuous improvement in alignment with organizational objectives. Passionate about creating/maintaining a culture that makes a difference by inspiring greatness and driving continuous improvement toward meaningful results. Specialties: inspirational leadership, coaching, training, performance management, culture alignment, process improvement, employee relations, recruitment and onboarding. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Program Director of Organizational Alignment Company Name Royal Credit Union - RCU Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Eau Claire, Wisconsin Area HR Director Company Name DMG: Diversified Management Group Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Eau Claire, Wisconsin Area HR Generalist Company Name Community Health Partnership Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos HR Manager Company Name Markquart Chevrolet Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Business Development Director Company Name Royal Credit Union Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Leadership Chippewa Falls Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 Leadership Eau Claire Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Degree Name BA Field Of Study Organizational Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Employee Relations See 65 endorsements for Employee Relations 65 Employee Relations Endorsed by Tammy McCormack and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills Performance Management See 52 endorsements for Performance Management 52 Performance Management Endorsed by Jamie Gower, MHRLR, SHRM-SCP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 27 endorsements for Leadership 27 Leadership Endorsed by Dan Ortmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (2) Audrey Jaenke SHRM-CP Associate, Human Resources August 25, 2011, Tracy worked with Audrey in the same group Tracy is a very driven professional who also wants to see others succeed. I find that she exemplifies professionalism without being pretentious; she is genuine; and she is passionate about helping people hone their leadership skills in order to promote a work culture where all people can thrive. Kai Hemenway Clinical Supervisor at Community Health Partnership August 5, 2011, Tracy worked with Kai in the same group I had the privilege of working with Tracy while she was at Community Health Partnership. She was the Human Resource Generalist assigned to the Branch Office where I worked. Tracy has many wonderful attribute and among her finest is the passion that she brings to her work. She approaches work with great balance - enthusiasm, extremely positive attitude yet a very realistic approach. While at Community Health Partnership, she supported me as a Clinical Supervisor through many complex, intense situations. She is one of those rare individuals who understands the "big picture" while still being very detail oriented. In summary, whoever becomes Tracy's next employer will be extremely fortunate! View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Dean Mathwig Community Relations Director at The Classic at Hillcrest Greens March 17, 2013, Tracy worked with Dean in different groups Dean and I went through the Leadership Eau Claire program together in 2001-2002 and then later had the privilege of working with Dean at Community Health Partnership. Words I would use to describe Dean would be integrity, professionalism, fun, light hearted, approachable, solution oriented individual with a servant heart. I would be honored to have an opportunity to work with Dean again one day! Patricia McCown Human Resource and Communication Professional October 7, 2012, Patricia worked with Tracy in the same group It was wonderful working with Patty as the Benefit Administrator at CHP because of her great attention to detail and follow-through skills. I always knew I could count on Patty in my HR role of providing exceptional service to our internal customers. Accomplishments Interests The Leadership Equation - CEO Leadership Group 21,325 members Human Capital Institute (HCI) 62,914 members Servant Leadership 10,580 members Manager Tools 40,134 members UW-Eau Claire Alumni 8,177 members TED: Ideas Worth Spreading - Unofficial 841,869 members See all See all following
More Actions Maria has a account Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA CPA at Radix Accounting Radix Accounting Linfield College Portland, Oregon Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA* is the founding partner of Radix Accounting, an integrated accounting firm with an expertise in breweries and craft alcoholic beverages. Radix provides accounting support, CFO consultation, and tax prep and planning and common projects include • establishing internal accounting process • reviewing financial reports • budgeting • cash flow forecasting • financial strategy • succession planning Additionally, Maria teaches in the Business of Craft Brewing program at Portland State University and serves as the Chair of the Oregon Society of CPA's Business and Industry Conference. She earned her BA from the College of Charleston in her home state of South Carolina. Maria moved to Oregon in 2004 and enjoys the hiking, biking, climbing, running that the Northwest affords, but her true passion is exploring the lesser known corners of the world. *Certified Global Management Accountant. Specialties: finance, managerial accounting, budgeting, tax accounting, tax planning and provisions, Quickbooks ProAdvisor, payroll accounting, business strategy, team management, marketing, business development, leadership, project management, Ekos software, Orchestrated Beer software, Netsuite, NAVision software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Radix Accounting Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Portland, OR Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA* is the founding partner of Radix Accounting, an integrated accounting firm with an expertise in breweries and craft alcoholic beverages. Radix provides accounting support, CFO consultation, and tax prep and planning and common projects include • establishing internal accounting process• reviewing financial reports• budgeting• cash flow forecasting• financial strategy • succession planning*Certified Global Management Accountant. Media (1) This position has 1 media Radix Accounting Radix Accounting This media is an image Instructor Company Name Portland State University Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Treasurer Company Name Oregon BEST Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Proudly serve as Treasurer for Oregon BEST, a nonprofit focused on clean technology. We transform new ideas, research, and products into jobs and economic prosperity for Oregon.www.oregonbest.org Lead Instructor Company Name Becker Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Lead Instructor: Nov 2013 - PresentCourse Instructor: Nov 2010 - Nov 2013The Becker CPA Review Course works with students in a live classroom environment to prepare them to take each section of the CPA exam. As the lead instructor I present material from all four sections: Financial, Regulation, Audit, and Business Environment Concepts, and coordinate all of our regional instructors. In the classroom I give individual attention and feedback to students, which is ideal for candidates who thrive on personal interaction. contract Controller Company Name Sockeye Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Sockeye is a creative services agency, specializing in evocative and memorable communications. We offer an honest and strategy-centric approach to advertising, brand identity, graphic design, film and video production, digital, social media and retail messaging. Our strategic and creative campaigns garner attention, impart knowledge and inspire action. Our core strength is the ability to find uncompromising clarity, developing strategic creative that integrates across media, capturing the attention of the desired audience, driving them toward the desired objectives. See more positions Education Linfield College Degree Name Post-bac certificate Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 3.92 GPA College of Charleston Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Arts Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 3.7 GPA Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 36 endorsements for QuickBooks 36 QuickBooks Endorsed by 2 of Maria’s colleagues at Portland State University Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Thomas Porter, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Maria’s colleagues at Portland State University Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 23 endorsements for Tax 23 Tax Endorsed by 4 of Maria’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (11) McKean Banzer-Lausberg Partner, Migration Brewing February 1, 2012, McKean worked with Maria but at different companies Maria is awesome! She never ceases to amaze me with her ability to think strategically from a high level while never losing sight of the details required for execution. As President of the AMA she is successfully leading the organization through a major restructuring and re-brand campaign without missing a beat. Even more than being extremely bright and talented, Maria is a person you can trust and depend upon no matter what. She's also fun to get a beer with after all the work stuff is done! Russell Yost, APR Chief Communications Officer at Willamette University December 21, 2011, Maria worked with Russell in the same group I want to commend Maria on her wonderful work with the American Marketing Association. The professionalism of the website, communications and events have reached a new high. I am confident this is because of Maria's leadership. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Jade Rhianna Project Manager at Freelance October 11, 2012, Maria was a client of Jade’s Working with Jade was a great experience. She did a wonderful job communicating with my organization through the process -- keeping us on track and listening to our concerns. I'd always welcome the opportunity to work with her again in the future. Erika Kirkland Fitness Nut with a Marketing Addiction | B2B Marketer | Copywriter July 29, 2012, Maria managed Erika directly Erika raised the bar for the American Marketing Association's MAX Awards. MAX is our signature event of the year and Erika and her team delivered a stellar experience for all participants.She flawlessly executed a grand vision leaving no detail unattended, and I would ask her to run the show again without hesitation! View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Maria has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Accountant magazine Capitalizing on Your Brand Hey, Small Biz Owners, Pay Yourself an Honest Salary! Building and Measuring ROI in Business Developing Business Developers Maria has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Global Management Accountant CPA (Certified Public Accountant) Maria has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Maria has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Oregon Society of CPAs B.I.N.G. Interests College of Charleston 56,750 followers Sockeye 2,269 followers VivaKi 27,911 followers Radix Inc. 1,221 followers PDX Marketing Pros 5,417 members Havas 113,972 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ruslan has a account Ruslan Magidov Tax,Production/Tour Accounting,Financial Statement Audits, Bookkeeping, Business Management,Forensic/Divorce Accounting Magidov CPA Firm An Accountancy Corporation ("MCF") UCLA Extension Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Call me at (310) 278-5004 for information about our tax and accounting services. Financial executive with over 15 years of experience in public accounting providing tax, accounting, certified financial statement audits, and business management services to high net worth individuals, their privately held businesses, from start-ups to already established, and not-for-profit organizations. Extensive experience in financial statement audits and tax enabled him to develop expertise in family law matters. His family law expertise includes cash flow analysis, marital standard of living analysis, business valuations, tracing of separate property assets, child and spousal support calculations using the DissoMaster. In addition, he has been involved in insurance cases involving loss of earnings and other damage analysis. Licensed as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) - State of California. Member, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Member, California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA). Member, Tax Section of American Institute of CPAs. Member, Forensic Service Section of California Society of CPAs. Member, Personal Financial Planning Section of American Institute of CPAs. Certified ProAdvisor in QuickBooks, Intuit Inc See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Magidov CPA Firm An Accountancy Corporation ("MCF") Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location La Cienega/Olympic, West Hollywood and Burbank, CA A full service accounting firm specializing in tax, accounting, financial statement audits, business management, and forensic services for high net worth individuals, their businesses, and not-for-profit organizations. Our services include but not limited to the following:Tax Preparation, Tax Planning, IRS & FTB Representation Business Management & BookkeepingProduction and Tour AccountingFinancial Statement Audits, Reviews, & CompilationsForeign TransactionsEntity Structure Planning Estate Tax & Gift PlanningForensic Accounting, Family Law, Business Valuations, Litigation SupportOur niche markets include the following:Entertainment (Loan-outs, Studios, Productions, Actors, Directors, Writers, Producers, Musicians, Singers, Talent Agents, Photographers, etc.)Family WealthNonprofits and FoundationsRabbis and Religious OrganizationsReal Estate Brokers and Professionals Investment Advisors and Financial Planners Small to Middle MarketPrivate SchoolsLaw FirmsMedical Professionals Sales & Marketing ProfessionalsExecutives and Business ProfessionalsTradesmen (Iron Workers,Electricians, Plumbers, Carpenters, etc.)Teachers, Firefighters & Law EnforcementStart Up CompaniesTrusts and Estates Family Law, Business Valuations, Tracing, Division of Property, Spousal Support, Etc. We service communities surrounding Los Angeles. Media (1) This position has 1 media Magidov CPA Firm Magidov CPA Firm This media is a link Senior Tax Accountant - Per Diem Company Name Meschures, Thompson, Snyder, Pocras & Levine, PC ("MTSPL") Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Beverly Hills, CA A sizable, top notch business management firm in Beverly Hills. Senior Tax Accountant - Per Diem Company Name Meschures, Thompson, Snyder, Pocras & Levine, PC ("MTSPL") Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Beverly Hills, CA A sizable, top notch business management firm in Beverly Hills. Tax Manager Company Name Fulton & Meyer ("F&M") Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Encino, CA A 40-member tax and accounting firm specializing in tax planning, tax preparation, and business management for high net worth individuals and their businesses. Primary industry focus was entertainers, medical, and real estate professionals. Manager/Forensic Accountant Company Name Zivetz, Schwartz, & Saltsman CPAs ("ZSS") Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 10 mos Location West Los Angeles, CA A well-established full service CPA firm specializing in assurance, tax advisory, and litigation support for high net worth individuals and their businesses. Industries served included healthcare network, wholesellers, distributors, construction, educational support nonprofits, software start-ups, industrial drums, trusts, estates, real estate partnerships, equipment manufacturers, and jewelers. See more positions Education UCLA Extension Field Of Study Completed Production Accounting for Film and TV Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Investment Banking Institute Field Of Study Completed intensive financial modeling and valuation training program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Family Law & Business Valuation Courses Since 2007 Field Of Study Family law, business valuation, economic damages, litigation support See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 110 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Emily Sang, CPA MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 105 endorsements for Auditing 99+ Auditing Endorsed by Robert L. Hymers III, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 99 endorsements for Accounting 99 Accounting Endorsed by Roland Crim and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ruslan’s colleagues at MAGIDOV CPA FIRM, AN ACCOUNTANCY CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (7) Alana Roshay Real Estate Associate March 7, 2012, Alana was a client of Ruslan’s I have benefited greatly by Ruslan's support, knowledge, and comprehensive understanding about his field. He's truly a pleasure to work with and the high level of transparency and care he's provided to me and my business speaks volumes to his experience. I reccomend him to all my clients and will continue to, Diego Viramontes, CPA Accounting Manager at MUNGER FARMS January 28, 2012, Diego reported directly to Ruslan It is with great pleasure that I recommend Ruslan, who I've worked under for nearly 2 years. I have yet to meet an individual who takes as much pride in his work and is as dedicated to growing and developing his expertise in various areas of the profession. Ruslan is responsible for much of my professional development while at ZSS due to his extensive knowledge and interest in a number of different areas of accounting. Ruslan's experience, knowledge and work ethic make him a vital part of any organization’s operations. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Jeremy Wiss, MBA Financial Planner, Adviser, & Insurance Specialist December 10, 2014, Ruslan was a client of Jeremy’s I have known Jeremy for quite sometime now. He has been a key resource to me and my business. His enthusiasm, professionalism, and credentials along with his positive and down to earth attitude are particularly impressive. I look forward to referring and doing business with Jeremy for years to come. BK Seminar Pros -- November 24, 2012, Ruslan worked with BK Seminar but at different companies At BK Seminar Pros, I have learned a great deal about Ch 7 and Ch 13 bankruptcy laws as an attendee. I was also engaged as a speaker to talk about tax consequences of debt discharged in a bankruptcy. BK Seminar Pros are a great source of education as well as referrals. I would recommend BK Seminar Pros to anyone. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ruslan has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified ProAdvisor in QuickBooks Certified Public Accountant Ruslan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests Financial Service professionals 17,302 members International Business Valuation Association 1,962 members TaxQueries.com - Your source for tax questions and answers. 7,029 members AppointmentPlus 2,924 followers Capital Market professionals 11,405 members Accountex Network — Accounting Technology Resources for Accountants, Bookkeepers and CPAs 2,529 members See all See all following
More Actions Sheldon has a account Sheldon Goodman Owner, spectrum diversified designs spectrum diversified designs University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Staff accountant p.w.c., tax accountant kpmg, V.P. interdesign inc-finance and operations. Began start up business, spectrum diversified designs inc. in 1985. Manufacturer and designer of lifestyle household products. Spectrum sells to thousands of accounts in the U.S.A. and internationally. Specialties: product development,operations,business management,strategy and tactics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name spectrum diversified designs Dates Employed Jun 1985 – Present Employment Duration 32 yrs 1 mo vice president of finance and operations Company Name interDesign, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1978 – Nov 1984 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos staff accountant Company Name Price Waterhouse Coopers Dates Employed Dec 1975 – Jul 1977 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education University of Wisconsin-Madison - School of Business Degree Name mba Field Of Study accounting/finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1975 Activities and Societies: teaching assistant university of cincinatti Degree Name bba Field Of Study accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 34 endorsements for Product Development 34 Product Development Endorsed by Jim Cook and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sheldon’s colleagues at Spectrum Diversified Designs, LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Howard Locker and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 13 endorsements for Start-ups 13 Start-ups HARVEY LEVINSON and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Rich Barle Rich Barle: Seeking sales management position. CPG professional, branded, private label, regulatory, FDM and Specialty February 15, 2011, Sheldon managed Rich directly rich barle worked for spectrum as a national sales manager. the job entailed sales to key accounts and management of independent sales representatives. his work product was very good. he was accurate, his follow up was flawless, and he was well respected by both the representative and the customer community. he always presented himself in a professional manner. Brian Stelmarski Principal Designer at InterDesign, Inc. February 13, 2011, Sheldon managed Brian directly brian worked at spectrum for over 7 years. he did a great job. very creative, great solid work skills. well organized and detail oriented. Accomplishments Interests Casabella 1,103 followers The Economist 4,125,418 followers Creative Bath Products, Inc. 72 followers Al Jazeera Media Network 159,523 followers IHA – International Home + Housewares Show and Member Services 8,030 members Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,741 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kathleen has a account Kathleen Li, CPA, CA Senior Manager - US Tax at Deloitte Canada Deloitte Canada University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kathleen’s Activity 534 followers About a month ago, I had the great privilege of graduating from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. I could not have done it without all the friends who have supported me, the professors that have pushed me, and most importantly, my parents who have done everything they could to get me to where I am today. Not many people realize that my parents run a food truck on Penn's campus or know that they get up at 3AM and work until 8PM or later every single day. They have done this for the past 10 years to ensure that my sister and I have food on the table, a home to come back to, and above all, that we both receive a great education. It is their degree as much as it is mine. Kathleen liked We are very pleased to have Katrina Robson, Esq. join BDO Canada to lead our US State and Local Tax practice. Katrina will be based in Toronto, but she will working with BDO clients throughout Canada assisting on their US state corporate income and sales tax matters. Kathleen liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Senior Manager, Taxation Company Name KIK Custom Products Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Senior Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Manager - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Tax Analyst - US Tax Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Mathematics / Chartered Accountancy Honours Bachelor of Mathematics - Major in Finance and Accounting University of Waterloo Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by Tarun Malpani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kathleen’s colleagues at KPMG US Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 6 endorsements for Auditing 6 Auditing Tarun Malpani and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 5 endorsements for Accounting 5 Accounting Endorsed by Tarun Malpani, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kathleen has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Kathleen has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA, CA Interests KIK Custom Products 6,879 followers KPMG in Canada Alumni 9,217 members KPMG Canada 46,239 followers Deloitte Canada 73,624 followers University of Waterloo 172,175 followers University of Waterloo 180,690 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Savage Senior Tax Manager at Akamai Technologies Akamai Technologies Sinclair Community College Cambridge, Massachusetts 168 168 connections Send InMail I’m a tax analyst with 7+years of experience in corporate income tax. I specialize in ASC 740 (Accounting for Income Taxes, also known as FAS109), federal and state income tax compliance, complex project work, audit defense, business systems analysis, continual process improvement, and training and professional development. To borrow a software development term, I'm a "full stack" tax analyst. I’m a big documentation and process geek. A big part of my job is implementing continual improvement projects that allow work to be delegated more easily, save time and money, and increase the team’s expertise. I also love teaching. I have mentored several interns and new hires. I also designed the department’s training program. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name Akamai Technologies Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Cambridge, MA Senior Tax Analyst Company Name The Reynolds and Reynolds Company Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Location Dayton, Ohio Area ACCOMPLISHMENTS► Initiated and led Meals & Entertainment study that yielded $175,000 of tax savings annually.► Team leader for Sec 199 overhaul in collaboration with Big 4 Firm. My review of Big 4 workpapers discovered an additional $2 million in annual tax savings that had been overlooked.► Saved $65,000 by noticing a tax deduction that had been overlooked for five consecutive years.► Spearheaded the development and implementation of the income tax department training program, used for four new hires in the past two years. ► Streamlined and documented the department's state and city apportionment gathering process, transforming an annual month-long headache into an easily delegated week-long process.► Trained income tax group how to use Corptax software. Our first year transitioning to a new software package, we completed our returns 2 weeks faster than the prior year.► Implemented continuous process improvements and documentation for numerous processes, including a series of Corptax How-Tos so useful that a former manager requested them to distribute to public practice clients.► 2010 Outstanding Associate Award - Tax DeptDUTIES● Calculated and booked both year-end and interim income tax provisions and deferred taxes in accordance with ASC 740 (FAS109). ● Prepared federal tax return (Form 1120) for the $1 billion flagship company, as well as 9 other C-Corporations 12 international entities, and 3 non-profit foundations.● Prepared tax returns for 18 states and 20 cities across 14 entities, including complex treturns for New York, Illinois, Massachusetts, and California.● Reviewed provisions, returns, account reconciliations, and other work prepared by junior staffers.Trained and mentored 4 junior staff, 2 interns, and a job shadower.● Oversaw 10 state income tax audits from start to finish, including IDRs, legal research, creating ad-hoc documentation, situation analysis, negotiation and defense, and preparation of executive briefs. Teaching Assistant Company Name Antioch College Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Yellow Springs, OH I showed so much enthusiasm and talent in my Principles of Accounting class in Winter 2006 that I was invited to be a Teacher's Assistant for the class the following term. I tutored students one-on-one or in groups and corrected papers; unfortunately my schedule did not allow me the join the professor in the classroom. Education Intern (Co-op) Company Name The Field Museum Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, IL ● Ran various hands-on activities on the museum floor, such as hands-on dissection of actual owl pellets. Do you think we can reconstruct an entire field mouse skeleton, kids?● Went out with the "Worm-Mobile," doing outreach education on soil science in Chicago-area schools.● Assisted with adult education events. The National Geographic lectures were especially cool. Content Editor (Co-op) Company Name The Antioch Record Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Yellow Springs, OH ● Managed and supervised a staff of 10● Co-designed newspaper layout and determined editorial stance of paper● Wrote editorials, reported stories, edited and copyread submissions, constructed crosswords See more positions Education Sinclair Community College Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 I took a focused accounting and business course load which would qualify me to sit for the CPA exam. I attended while working full time and still maintained a 4.0 GPA. I graduated in Spring 2015, and began studying Fall 2015 after getting married. My plan is to complete the CPA exam around Winter 2016.I love community colleges, because they are economical, unpretentious, and practical. Antioch University Midwest Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Humanities Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 For my senior project, I wrote and published a chapbook of poetry, "The Species Down the Street."Poetry is surprisingly a lot like tax: It's a specialized niche area of practice, it's highly technical, it's got a lot of rules, there are more exceptions than there are rules, it's inaccessible to most people, people recognize its necessity but have a general distaste for it, and even if it's written in English, it sure doesn't SOUND much like English. Antioch College Field Of Study Literature/Creative Writing Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Focused on writing and literature courses. Attended 3 years until the school was forced to temporarily close due to budgetary problems. (It's since reopened!) See more education Volunteer Experience Tax Preparer Company Name VITA - The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services VITA is an IRS program that offers free income tax preparation for individuals. I spent about 40 hours (only 24 were required) over 4 weeks during the 2013 tax return season preparing income tax returns for, among others, single foster moms, retired cake chefs celebrating 10 years of sobriety, and Cameroonian francophone exchange students. Construction Hand Company Name Habitat For Humanity Cause Poverty Alleviation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 8 of Nick’s colleagues at The Reynolds and Reynolds Company Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 13 endorsements for Income Tax 13 Income Tax Endorsed by 6 of Nick’s colleagues at The Reynolds and Reynolds Company Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Endorsed by Dennis McGregor, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Nick’s colleagues at The Reynolds and Reynolds Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Beau Adkins, CPA Staff Accountant at Mellott & Mellott P.L.L. March 26, 2013, Nick worked with Beau in the same group Without Nick, learning what to do as a Tax Intern at Reynolds & Reynolds would have been a difficult task. Nick was able to answer any question I had in detail and he was always willing to help me out. His superior knowledge of federal, state, and local tax code is second to none and he would be a great addition to any company. Beau Adkins, CPA Staff Accountant at Mellott & Mellott P.L.L. March 25, 2013, Nick was senior to Beau but didn’t manage directly Beau is a self-directed, fast learner who is always asking the right questions. His dependability and adaptability made it easy for us to give him increasingly complex assignments with confidence. We looked forward to his arrival every summer. Foster Neill Founder/Editor at The Michigan Poet July 17, 2012, Nick worked with Foster but at different companies As a publisher, Foster has worked tirelessly to realize his vision for The Michigan Poet, using innovative methods to distribute Michigan poems to Michiganders who would never discover them otherwise. As a reader and editor, Foster's attention to detail and unyielding encouragement made him a life-saving mentor when I wrote my first chapbook. He is an asset to every literary endeavor he touches. Accomplishments Nick has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Taxation (Includes 4 weeks of VITA volunteering) Auditing Business Law Business Statistics I Calculus II Computerized Accounting Systems (mostly Peachtree/Sage 50) Federal Taxation I Intermediate Accounting I & II Managerial & Financial Accounting Microeconomics Interests Antioch University Midwest 2,417 followers Nashua Community College 2,697 followers Akamai Technologies 93,107 followers Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members Entry-Level Accountants 16,342 members Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members See all See all following
More Actions Tonya has a account Tonya Orcutt Sr. Tax Specialist at Bright House Networks Bright House Networks Geneva College Syracuse, New York Area 129 129 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. Tax Specialist Company Name Bright House Networks Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Tax Accountant Company Name Adelphia Communications Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education Geneva College Degree Name Bacherlor's-Accounting Field Of Study Accounting/ Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Tennis Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by Emik Zare, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tonya’s colleagues at Bright House Networks Click and drag to reorder skills Variance Analysis See 4 endorsements for Variance Analysis 4 Variance Analysis Endorsed by Emik Zare, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tonya’s colleagues at Bright House Networks Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 4 endorsements for General Ledger 4 General Ledger Endorsed by Emik Zare, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tonya’s colleagues at Bright House Networks Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Atlantax Systems, Inc. 52 followers Bright House Networks 15,323 followers Geneva College Alumni & Students 2,225 members Charter Communications 53,882 followers Bankers Healthcare Group 5,071 followers TTR (Transaction Tax Resources) 310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christi has a account Christi Bender, CPA Personal and Business Tax Preparation and QuickBooks ProAdvisor. Christi Bender, CPA West Chester University of Pennsylvania Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Website: www.ChristiBenderCPA.com Email : Christi@ChristiBenderCPA.com Phone: 610-415-0829 Christi Bender is a CPA, Tax Accountant, and QuickBook Pro Advisor, and yet she is not your normal tax accountant or bean counter. She is adventurous, curious, passionate and bold, and an expert in individual and business taxes. She recognizes that numbers, data entry and forms are only one part of a larger money picture. As your CPA, she asks her clients questions about who they are, what’s going on in their lives, how they spend and save money, and how they think about money. Her focus in on helping individual and service-oriented businesses with overall finances and with money mindsets. That often means cutting to the chase with honesty and Christi brings her own brand of humor to conversations that are sometimes sensitive in nature. She helps clients think strategically about their money and they leave her office with a sense of direction and feeling more confident and safe. The experience in civil litigation honed her skills to recognize warning signs of bad business practices and possible threats that can result in litigation. Having been on the operations and management side of business, she has a unique ability to identify and help service-oriented entrepreneurs with the real challenges of running a business. Christi graduated from West Chester University with degrees in accounting and economics, a concentration in finance, and a minor in psychology. She is a member of AICPA, PICPA, and NATP. Since 2011, she has been the #1 accountant on Angie’s List in the greater Philadelphia area. She enjoys hiking, golfing, scuba diving, fishing, and spending time with her husband, two fur babies and friends. She resides in Phoenixville, PA. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Christi’s Activity 1,190 followers Does the child care tax credit apply to you? - Summer has arrived, and that means it is summer camp time. Watch this short video to see what camps may help you claim a tax credit. Christi shared this Thank you Heather for the wonderful feedback! At our firm, we always strive for the best for our clients! http://ow.ly/uEkV30cEwlb http://ow.ly/i/vSQm0 Christi shared this Thinking of Tossing Old Tax Records? Read This First. - Article Highlights: Reasons to Keep Records Statute of Limitations Maintaining Records of Asset Basis Keeping Records for Carryforward Losses Now that your taxes have been completed for 2016, you are probably wondering which old records can be discarded. If you are like most taxpayers, you have records from years ago that you are afraid to throw away. It would be helpful to understand why the records must be kept in the first place... Christi shared this Expenses From Looking For Work May Be Tax-Deductible - Article Highlights: Schedule A Travel Expenses Résumé Preparation Job-Placement Services Unemployment Income Health Insurance If you are looking for work, some of the expenses you incur may be tax-deductible, provided that you are looking for work within the same field. Unfortunately, expenses incurred when searching for a job in a new field or a first job are not tax-deductible. If you are an employee, job-search expenses are ded... Christi shared this The IRS Has Become More Liberal With College Expenses - Article Highlights: Computers Internet Access Qualified State Tuition (Sec. 529) Plans American Opportunity Tax Credit Required for Enrollment or Attendance Computers and the Internet have become integral parts of education by providing access to online courses, learning and research. It is virtually impossible to be enrolled in postsecondary education without a computer, which is needed to complete written assignments, type repor... Christi shared this Transform Nondeductible Interest into Tax Deductible Interest Christi shared this See all activity Experience CPA, Personal and Business Tax Preparation and QuickBooks ProAdvisor. Company Name Christi Bender, CPA Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Phoenixville, PA Christi@ChristiBenderCPA.com610-415-0829Christi Bender is a CPA, Tax Accountant, and QuickBook Pro Advisor, She started her career in public accounting and gathered a wide variety of experience and expertise in taxes and business operations. After a few years in public accounting, she moved into the private sector and worked in high-level management positions in service-oriented firms. She was the assistant controller with three progressively larger insurance companies. After hitting the glass ceiling in the corporate world she spent five years as a forensic accountant with a civil litigation attorney. In the early 2000's she spent ten years as the CEO/CFO of an eminent domain real estate appraisal firm in the state of Florida.The experience in civil litigation honed her skills to recognize warning signs of bad business practices and possible threats that can result in litigation. Having been on the operations and management side of business, she has a unique ability to identify and help service-oriented entrepreneurs with the real challenges of running a business.She is a member of AICPA, PICPA, and NATP. Since 2011, she has been the #1 accountant on Angie’s List in the greater Philadelphia area. Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer Company Name Gallion Wilson, LLC Dates Employed Oct 1999 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 11 yrs 3 mos Location Fort Lauderdale, Florida • Increased efficiency to meet changing reporting demands and consistently met critical deadlines for governmental clients by digitizing and organizing all elements of appraisal reports. • Streamlined operations and improved company credibility and final product presentation by providing technical training and support for all appraisers. • Promoted good business relationships with vendors and clients through accurate accounting and fulfillment of financial obligations and reporting requirements.• Guaranteed all contractual obligations and communications were met through the creation of spreadsheet based financial and contract reporting tracking systems.• Obtained an annual savings of $50,000 by increasing efficient use of online research tools. Forensic Accountant Company Name Law office of James K. Pedley, Esq. Dates Employed Apr 1994 – Sep 1999 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Fort Lauderdale, Florida • Isolated key fact patterns through analysis of evidence and depositions enabling effective case strategies to materialize.• Developed valuable evidentiary presentations for courtroom proceedings resulting in strong, favorable rulings regarding damages and compensation. • Increased referrals and billings by initiating a monthly file assessment system regarding necessary updates, pleadings and correspondence.• Maximized efficient use of human resources through controlled scheduling, detailed calendaring and time management.• Professionally maintained all aspects of ongoing office function through independent management of all bookkeeping, payroll and related quarterly and annual tax return preparation. Assistant Controller Company Name Hull & Company Dates Employed 1992 – 1994 Employment Duration 2 yrs • Liberated Controller and CFO to focus on strategic management issues through the supervision and evaluation of a staff of 8 full time employees in the accounting department.• Delivered timely monthly closing statements for parent company and foreign subsidiary using a standardized and streamlined processes developed in my first 150 days.• Eliminated significant audit adjustments through improved analysis of monthly activity and trends.• Cut turnover and absenteeism by 25% and increased employee engagement by establishing an open door policy and creating a more positive work environment and encouraging employee input.• Enhanced productivity by creating a general ledger and audit preparation procedure manual incorporating responsibilities for every member of the accounting department. Assistant Controller Company Name Union General Insurance Company Dates Employed 1991 – 1992 Employment Duration 1 yr • Assisted in management of the department which assimilated all financial information for an insurance company and its claims management and underwriting subsidiary corporations.• Eliminated a FTE within my first 6 months through the creation of spreadsheets for bank reconciliations.• Designed and implemented a department performance evaluation system, including internal controls, to replace a non-functioning one. See more positions Education West Chester University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting and BS in Economics with a concentration in Finance and a Minor is Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Currently taking graduate certification courses in Six Sigma with Villanova University. Henderson High School '82 Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 67 endorsements for Tax Preparation 67 Tax Preparation Bill Morrow and 66 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 54 endorsements for Income Tax 54 Income Tax Bill Morrow and 53 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 22 endorsements for Corporate Tax 22 Corporate Tax Beth Caldwell and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (16) Given (9) Laura Parke Scuba Global Scuba Instructor I Snorkeling Instructor I Award Winning Entrepreneur Coaching People To Acheive Scuba Success January 15, 2013, Laura was a client of Christi’s This recommendation comes as sheer pleasure to write about my client and friend Christi Bender. I have know Christi for about 5 years now and knew she was special right away.Christi is a complete joy and pleasure to work with and around. She is attentive and detailed in her personal and professional life.Many times I had the pleasure of Christi working with me. She always went out of her way to offer assistance and guidance. She is someone who you can count on to go above and beyond and add the extra touch of value that means so much.Her enthusiastic attitude is contagious and a joy to be around. I highly recommend her for all of your fiscal and accounting requirements, needs or wants. As an aside, she is also a knowledgeable equestrian and animal affectionado. Thank you Christi for always bringing your best game to the table. David Beruh Small Business Banker. Assisting business with banking needs. December 22, 2011, David was a client of Christi’s Christi impressed me with her knowledge, her work ethic and the care she takes to make sure her clients get the best service possible. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Carolyn Frith B2B Content Marketing Strategist, Persona Research, Content Creation, Lead Generation, Account Based Marketing, Speaker June 28, 2016, Carolyn was a client of Christi’s I have known Carolyn for years and when she says that she has "the words that work" she means it! Carolyn is not only a technically superior writer, but more importantly she can turn any subject into something you WANT to read about. Her use of "story" is easy and engaging. Aside from her being a fantastic writer she has wonderful intuition about what is useful for the reader and what they want to know. If you've never worked with Carolyn and have ongoing writing projects I can't encourage you enough to contact her and explore the possibilities. Stephen Rush, Certified Remodler Owner of Sovereign Construction Services June 28, 2016, Christi was a client of Stephen’s I have known Steve for years and had the great pleasure of having him work for me last week. What he did was nothing short of jaw dropping. He took a space in my home that was not being well used and turned it into a beautiful area. Not only will I now spend time there daily but I'll enjoy the space. My home just got so much nicer. The frosting on top was the fact that this was a surprise for my husband and when he came home he was giddy with the result! Thank you Steve! View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christi has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Christi has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Christi has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization AICPA, PICPA, NATP, Phoenixville Chamber of Commerce Interests Tax Professionals 114,664 members Greg McKeownGreg McKeown is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times Bestselling Author 264,230 followers QuickBooks Tips & Tricks 30,320 members QuickBooks Tips & Tricks (2916869) 8,610 members American Tax Experts 2,441 members TaxBuzz - Online Network for CPAs, EAs and Tax Accounting Professionals 1,008 members See all See all following
More Actions Tracy has a account Tracy White Human Resources Royal Credit Union - RCU Leadership Chippewa Falls Eau Claire, Wisconsin 440 440 connections Send InMail A highly reliable and dedicated human resources and training professional with demonstrated experience in training and development, coaching, performance management, culture alignment, recruiting, orientation, employee relations, and systems/process improvement. Strong communication skills that establish positive relationships and influence successful leadership, problem solving and employee relations. A leader and facilitator of training and continuous improvement in alignment with organizational objectives. Passionate about creating/maintaining a culture that makes a difference by inspiring greatness and driving continuous improvement toward meaningful results. Specialties: inspirational leadership, coaching, training, performance management, culture alignment, process improvement, employee relations, recruitment and onboarding. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Program Director of Organizational Alignment Company Name Royal Credit Union - RCU Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Eau Claire, Wisconsin Area HR Director Company Name DMG: Diversified Management Group Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Eau Claire, Wisconsin Area HR Generalist Company Name Community Health Partnership Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos HR Manager Company Name Markquart Chevrolet Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Business Development Director Company Name Royal Credit Union Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Leadership Chippewa Falls Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 Leadership Eau Claire Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Degree Name BA Field Of Study Organizational Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Employee Relations See 65 endorsements for Employee Relations 65 Employee Relations Endorsed by Tammy McCormack and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills Performance Management See 52 endorsements for Performance Management 52 Performance Management Endorsed by Jamie Gower, MHRLR, SHRM-SCP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 27 endorsements for Leadership 27 Leadership Endorsed by Dan Ortmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tracy’s colleagues at Royal Credit Union Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (2) Audrey Jaenke SHRM-CP Associate, Human Resources August 25, 2011, Tracy worked with Audrey in the same group Tracy is a very driven professional who also wants to see others succeed. I find that she exemplifies professionalism without being pretentious; she is genuine; and she is passionate about helping people hone their leadership skills in order to promote a work culture where all people can thrive. Kai Hemenway Clinical Supervisor at Community Health Partnership August 5, 2011, Tracy worked with Kai in the same group I had the privilege of working with Tracy while she was at Community Health Partnership. She was the Human Resource Generalist assigned to the Branch Office where I worked. Tracy has many wonderful attribute and among her finest is the passion that she brings to her work. She approaches work with great balance - enthusiasm, extremely positive attitude yet a very realistic approach. While at Community Health Partnership, she supported me as a Clinical Supervisor through many complex, intense situations. She is one of those rare individuals who understands the "big picture" while still being very detail oriented. In summary, whoever becomes Tracy's next employer will be extremely fortunate! View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Dean Mathwig Community Relations Director at The Classic at Hillcrest Greens March 17, 2013, Tracy worked with Dean in different groups Dean and I went through the Leadership Eau Claire program together in 2001-2002 and then later had the privilege of working with Dean at Community Health Partnership. Words I would use to describe Dean would be integrity, professionalism, fun, light hearted, approachable, solution oriented individual with a servant heart. I would be honored to have an opportunity to work with Dean again one day! Patricia McCown Human Resource and Communication Professional October 7, 2012, Patricia worked with Tracy in the same group It was wonderful working with Patty as the Benefit Administrator at CHP because of her great attention to detail and follow-through skills. I always knew I could count on Patty in my HR role of providing exceptional service to our internal customers. Accomplishments Interests Association for Talent Development (ATD) 136,396 members Innovation in Leadership Development 8,362 members OnBoarding Best Practices: Driving New Employee Alignment 7,419 members Servant Leadership 10,580 members SHRM (Society for Human Resource Management) Official Group 220,741 members Training&Development 77,164 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael LoVerde, CPA Shareholder at Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. St. John's University Greater New York City Area 337 337 connections Send InMail Michael M. LoVerde, a shareholder of Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. since 1992, divides his time between accounting, auditing and tax matters. Mike’s accounting clients include professional athletes, physicians and related health care organizations, closely-held businesses and real estate investors/developers. He has developed an expertise in accounting and tax services for professional athletes. In this capacity, Mike advises such clients in areas such as financial planning, tax compliance, business acquisitions and retirement planning. Mike has extensive experience in providing employee benefit plan audits. For more than 10 years, he has worked with defined contribution and defined benefit plans, as well as, plans in the process of termination See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Shareholder Company Name Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. Dates Employed Jan 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs 6 mos Location East Brunswick, NJ Senior Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 1984 – Jan 1987 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Morristown, NJ and Princeton, NJ Senior Accountant Auditor Company Name Supermarkets General Corporation Dates Employed 1982 – 1983 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Woodbridge, NJ Internal Auditing Education St. John's University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Ed Guttenplan, CPA, MBA, CGMA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 22 endorsements for Auditing 22 Auditing Endorsed by 7 of Michael’s colleagues at Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. Endorsed by 6 people who know Auditing Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Ed Guttenplan, CPA, MBA, CGMA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Wilkin & Guttenplan, P.C. 1,184 followers Sports Management Network 23,966 members New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members St. John's University 90,497 followers St. John's University 88,696 followers Friends of Wilkin & Guttenplan PC 69 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert E. has a account Robert E. Lee CPA, CFP, JD, CLU, ChFC Exclusive Real Estate, Ltd Loyola University Chicago School of Law Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Broker/Owner Company Name Exclusive Real Estate, Ltd Dates Employed Jan 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 6 mos Location Lake Forest, Illinois Full service family owned commercial and residential Brokerage Firm. Unique background as CPA and Attorney provides an all encompassing perspective for our clients on each transaction. My wife, Nancy Lee, spearheads the Firm and has a great talent for staging homes, preparing homes to market for the highest price, and treating each listing as part of "our family" with extra care and diligence. Over 55 years of combined experience for Sellers, Buyers, and Investors! Licensed in Illinois, Wisconsin, and Florida (specializing in the Naples market). CPA/Attorney/CFP-Certified Financial Planner Company Name Emmett Financial Services Dates Employed Jan 1985 – Present Employment Duration 32 yrs 6 mos Location Lake Forest, Illinois Full service tax and accounting firm providing bookkeeping, Quickbooks, pension/profit sharing plans, tax returns and more! As an Attorney well versed in business formation alternatives, contracts, Wills, Trusts and Estate Planning. As a Certified Financial Planner, provides comprehensive fee based Financial Planning covering Estate, Investment, Retirement, Insurance, and Education Planning. Education Loyola University Chicago School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 University of Notre Dame Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Activities and Societies: Varsity Tennis Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Estate Planning See 49 endorsements for Estate Planning 49 Estate Planning Kevin Maloney and 48 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 49 endorsements for Tax 49 Tax Kevin Maloney and 48 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 41 endorsements for Investments 41 Investments Kevin Maloney and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Loyola University Chicago School of Law 8,972 followers Loyola University Chicago School of Law 8,754 followers Real Estate Open Networkers - www.REMCamp.com 57,074 members Need A Speaker / Be A Speaker 27,834 members University of Notre Dame 127,105 followers Loyola University Chicago Alumni 23,183 members See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph McGowan Vice President-Tax at Hill-Rom Hill-Rom Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Tax Highlights Follow Follow Joseph’s Activity 1,682 followers Hill-Rom Adding More Than 100 Jobs In Central New York Joseph liked Hill-Rom Introduces Envella™ Air Fluidized Therapy Bed Joseph liked See all activity Experience Vice President-Tax Company Name Hill-Rom Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversee the tax and payroll departments. Staff includes four managers and 7 other staff. Responsibilities include global income tax planning, IFRS financial reporting for taxes, tax compliance and payroll matters. Secured the first ever Pre Filing Agreement entered into by the IRS for an excise tax matter for the medical device excise tax. Restructured foreign organization to provide for tax-free repatriation of foreign earnings. Successful resolution of US audit and appeals matters led to $6 million release of tax reserves. Continuously implement process efficiencies in areas of responsibility to minimize manhours necessary to perform routine tasks and allocate more resources to planning.Develop staff through appropriate assignment of work and training in relevant tax law and the company’s operations. Trustee & Treasurer for Winnetka Northfield Public Library Company Name Winnetka-Northfield Public Library District Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Winnetka, Illinois Trustee & Treasurer Director of Corporate Tax Company Name A.T. Kearney Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversaw the tax department. Staff included four managers and one staff. Responsibilities included global income tax planning, IFRS financial reporting for taxes, tax compliance and payroll tax matters. Redesigned and implemented a worldwide transfer pricing methodology which resulted in recognition of $24 million tax benefit. Identified and recovered $2.2 million of withholding taxes overpaid in previous years. Successful resolution of Canadian audit led to $4.5 million release of tax reserves. Director, Tax Company Name Quad/Graphics Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater Milwaukee Area Vice President of Global Taxation Company Name Solo Cup Company Dates Employed 2002 – 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversaw the tax department. Staff included 9 professionals, including three managers. Responsibilities included Tax planning, FAS 109 financial reporting, and tax compliance. Planned and executed tax and treasury aspects of Solo Cup’s $1.6 billion acquisition of Sweetheart Cup Company Inc. Responsibilities included financing the acquisition and determining the appropriate legal structure for the combined group. Repatriation of $11.1 million from foreign subsidiaries saved company $3.3 million. Restructured U.S., Mexican, European and Japanese entities to maximize annual tax benefits. Coordinated cross-border transfer pricing studies involving management fees, intercompany interest expense, and intercompany sales of product. Resolved major federal and numerous state audits with minimal additional liability. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Marketing & International Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Degree Name MST Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Villanova University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 100 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Sean Rutter and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 81 endorsements for Corporate Tax 81 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Matt Wallace and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 51 endorsements for Financial Reporting 51 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 5 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Nancy Frank Customer Focused Finance Leader February 11, 2016, Nancy worked with Joseph in the same group Nancy is a smart, hard-working employee who was heavily relied upon while at Deloitte. She puts team first while working to do the best thing for the company. I hope to have an opportunity to work with Nancy in the future. GARY SAKATA Chief Financial Officer at Taxi Affiliation Services October 20, 2010, Joseph managed GARY directly Gary Sakata is an exceptional Treasury professional. Immediately after I hired Gary to oversee Treasury and Insurance matters at Solo Cup Company, he demonstrated enough financial saavy that the company had him take responsibility for the Accounts Payable function as well. When Solo Cup tripled its size with the acquisition Sweetheart Cup, Gary ensured that the integration of the two separate Treasury groups went smoothly and he helped the company secure optimal outside financing for the transaction. I have learned much from working with Gary and I have enjoyed being a part of the same team with him. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joseph has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Villanova University Alumni Network 30,161 members Villanova University Alumni 5,562 members Hill-Rom Alumni and Network 1,953 members Leo Burnett Alum and Current Employees 4,865 members Villanova University Club of Chicago 256 members Hill-Rom 29,204 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maria has a account Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA CPA at Radix Accounting Radix Accounting Linfield College Portland, Oregon Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA* is the founding partner of Radix Accounting, an integrated accounting firm with an expertise in breweries and craft alcoholic beverages. Radix provides accounting support, CFO consultation, and tax prep and planning and common projects include • establishing internal accounting process • reviewing financial reports • budgeting • cash flow forecasting • financial strategy • succession planning Additionally, Maria teaches in the Business of Craft Brewing program at Portland State University and serves as the Chair of the Oregon Society of CPA's Business and Industry Conference. She earned her BA from the College of Charleston in her home state of South Carolina. Maria moved to Oregon in 2004 and enjoys the hiking, biking, climbing, running that the Northwest affords, but her true passion is exploring the lesser known corners of the world. *Certified Global Management Accountant. Specialties: finance, managerial accounting, budgeting, tax accounting, tax planning and provisions, Quickbooks ProAdvisor, payroll accounting, business strategy, team management, marketing, business development, leadership, project management, Ekos software, Orchestrated Beer software, Netsuite, NAVision software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Radix Accounting Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Portland, OR Maria Pearman, CPA, CGMA* is the founding partner of Radix Accounting, an integrated accounting firm with an expertise in breweries and craft alcoholic beverages. Radix provides accounting support, CFO consultation, and tax prep and planning and common projects include • establishing internal accounting process• reviewing financial reports• budgeting• cash flow forecasting• financial strategy • succession planning*Certified Global Management Accountant. Media (1) This position has 1 media Radix Accounting Radix Accounting This media is an image Instructor Company Name Portland State University Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Treasurer Company Name Oregon BEST Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Proudly serve as Treasurer for Oregon BEST, a nonprofit focused on clean technology. We transform new ideas, research, and products into jobs and economic prosperity for Oregon.www.oregonbest.org Lead Instructor Company Name Becker Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Lead Instructor: Nov 2013 - PresentCourse Instructor: Nov 2010 - Nov 2013The Becker CPA Review Course works with students in a live classroom environment to prepare them to take each section of the CPA exam. As the lead instructor I present material from all four sections: Financial, Regulation, Audit, and Business Environment Concepts, and coordinate all of our regional instructors. In the classroom I give individual attention and feedback to students, which is ideal for candidates who thrive on personal interaction. contract Controller Company Name Sockeye Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Sockeye is a creative services agency, specializing in evocative and memorable communications. We offer an honest and strategy-centric approach to advertising, brand identity, graphic design, film and video production, digital, social media and retail messaging. Our strategic and creative campaigns garner attention, impart knowledge and inspire action. Our core strength is the ability to find uncompromising clarity, developing strategic creative that integrates across media, capturing the attention of the desired audience, driving them toward the desired objectives. See more positions Education Linfield College Degree Name Post-bac certificate Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 3.92 GPA College of Charleston Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Arts Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 3.7 GPA Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 36 endorsements for QuickBooks 36 QuickBooks Endorsed by 2 of Maria’s colleagues at Portland State University Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Thomas Porter, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Maria’s colleagues at Portland State University Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 23 endorsements for Tax 23 Tax Endorsed by 4 of Maria’s colleagues at Perkins & Co Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (11) McKean Banzer-Lausberg Partner, Migration Brewing February 1, 2012, McKean worked with Maria but at different companies Maria is awesome! She never ceases to amaze me with her ability to think strategically from a high level while never losing sight of the details required for execution. As President of the AMA she is successfully leading the organization through a major restructuring and re-brand campaign without missing a beat. Even more than being extremely bright and talented, Maria is a person you can trust and depend upon no matter what. She's also fun to get a beer with after all the work stuff is done! Russell Yost, APR Chief Communications Officer at Willamette University December 21, 2011, Maria worked with Russell in the same group I want to commend Maria on her wonderful work with the American Marketing Association. The professionalism of the website, communications and events have reached a new high. I am confident this is because of Maria's leadership. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Jade Rhianna Project Manager at Freelance October 11, 2012, Maria was a client of Jade’s Working with Jade was a great experience. She did a wonderful job communicating with my organization through the process -- keeping us on track and listening to our concerns. I'd always welcome the opportunity to work with her again in the future. Erika Kirkland Fitness Nut with a Marketing Addiction | B2B Marketer | Copywriter July 29, 2012, Maria managed Erika directly Erika raised the bar for the American Marketing Association's MAX Awards. MAX is our signature event of the year and Erika and her team delivered a stellar experience for all participants.She flawlessly executed a grand vision leaving no detail unattended, and I would ask her to run the show again without hesitation! View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Maria has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Accountant magazine Capitalizing on Your Brand Hey, Small Biz Owners, Pay Yourself an Honest Salary! Building and Measuring ROI in Business Developing Business Developers Maria has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Global Management Accountant CPA (Certified Public Accountant) Maria has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Maria has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Oregon Society of CPAs B.I.N.G. Interests PDX Marketing Pros 5,417 members Bernstein Private Wealth Management 5,142 followers AICPA Women in the Profession 12,281 members Tom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMATom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMA is a LinkedIn Influencer Influencer in Leadership, Learning, & Technology 443,587 followers College of Charleston 53,819 followers Portland Connect 13,187 members See all See all following
More Actions Rory has a account Rory Mulvaney Managing Director at Mulvaney part of the Trustmoore Group Mulvaney Irish Taxation Institute Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am the founding Director of Mulvaney. A law graduate of Queen’s University Belfast, I then qualified as a Chartered Accountant before training and qualifying as a Tax Consultant with KPMG Dublin. I later moved into Industry joining Linesight a leading Global Consultancy (formerly known as Bruce Shaw International) as their International Tax Manager and later established my own boutique tax and corporate service Firm Mulvaney now part of the Trustmoore Group. My specialties are advising corporates and wealthy individuals on International Tax matters, establishing complex global corporate structures across a range of purposes and handling the implementation of restructuring projects for both domestic and foreign based clients. I have a particular interest in assisting entrepreneurs in both the start-up and exit phases of their businesses. Tutor with Queen's University Belfast, School of Law. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rory’s Activity 823 followers Michiel’s photo Rory liked Have you met Pascal Praag? Pascal earned her master’s degree in private Law at the Universiteit van Amsterdam and joined Trustmoore in September 2014. After successfully finishing her training as a Certified Compliance Officer, now is one of the Compliance Officers of the Amsterdam office. Please find more information and Pascal` contact details here; http://bit.ly/TMNLTeam Rory liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Mulvaney Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Newry Mulvaney delivers consulting and professional advisory services from the strategic location in the border city of Newry, thus providing close proximity to its branch offices in Dublin and Belfast.In 2017 Mulvaney became part of the Trustmoore Group, a global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises.Mulvaney enjoys a strategic partnership alliance between Trustmoore, an established independent global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises, in Ireland and the United Kingdom.This website sets out the company’s mission, goals, strategy for growth and commercial targets.Mulvaney is led by the Managing Director Rory Mulvaney, a young enthusiastic and highly-qualified business professional who has built a strong team of professionals to assist him in continuing to expand his consultancy business.Rory has identified a niche area of consulting and professional advisory services, which is different from that provided by other firms in the area and is strengthened by the strategic location in the border city of Newry, thus providing close proximity to its branch offices in Dublin and Belfast. The cross-border aspect of advice forms a key part of Mulvaney’s suite of services, and the firm’s headquarters in Newry is ideal for this.Trustmoore is an independent, global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises. A global team offers worldwide trust and corporate management services, delivered with dedication and personal attention, by the best people in the business. Media (1) This position has 1 media Homepage Homepage This media is a document International Tax Consultant Company Name Bruce Shaw Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Dublin Senior adviser for all international group tax issues affecting operations in Ireland, UK, European, Asia Pacific, U.S. and Middle Eastern Regions. Corporate Tax Consultant Company Name KPMG in Ireland Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Dublin KPMG Tax & legalFinancial Services Tax Practice Associate Chartered Accountant Company Name John MacMahon & Co. Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Newry, Belfast & Dundalk Education Irish Taxation Institute Degree Name CTA Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Chartered Accountants Ireland Field Of Study Chartered Accountant Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Decile Ranking 1 College of Law Degree Name LPC Field Of Study Legal Practice Course (With Commendations & Distinctions) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 30 endorsements for Tax 30 Tax Endorsed by Laura McCloskey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at John MacMahon & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 23 endorsements for Corporate Tax 23 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at Linesight Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 16 endorsements for International Tax 16 International Tax Aaron Clements (MRPharmS, MBA) and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Seán Carty Head of Commercial at Canter Levin & Berg Solicitors October 5, 2012, Seán was a client of Rory’s I cannot recommend Rory highly enough! I am fortunate to have studied alongside Rory at the College of Law in Chester, and can confidently state that I benefited hugely from working alongside him, as did the entirety of our group. Rory always strives for perfection, and continually managed to dig out the right answers and produce the goods when necessary.Being aware of Rory's ability, and the tenacity and eagerness with which he approaches matters I have not surprisingly instructed him on a number of complex accounting matters. Rory did not disappoint and continues to impress. The speed at which he delivers a solution, together with the confident and clear advice which accompanies never fails to impress.No job is too technical or outside of the limits of this extremely talented young man! Plus what I can guarantee is that you will get on famously with Rory, he is a great laugh and always at the centre of the craic! Trevor Adams Corporate Solicitor at Freelance December 15, 2011, Trevor was Rory’s teacher Rory was always a hardworking and diligent student who brought a practical viewpoint to all discussions. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Seán Carty Head of Commercial at Canter Levin & Berg Solicitors December 15, 2011, Rory was a client of Seán’s I went to the College of Law at the same time as Sean, he was definitely one of the bright lights of our year for many reasons! A true all rounder. Sean was very dedicated to a career in law & commerce and was very committed to his studies to ensure he realised his goals.Sean was involved in a lot of the sports teams in both Chester University and the college of law with myself. We also enjoyed a lot of nights out together, Sean definitely was up for the craic and certainly always added a certain buzz to the proceedings. We quickly became great friends and remain so today. Any time I need some expert legal or business assistance he is a great man to get sound advice from.I would encourage anyone with any legal problems to seek out Sean as their advisor. He is a very astute guy with brains to burn but is very easy to talk to. It is clear to me Sean will go on to achieve great things in both his career and life. Watch this space! Accomplishments Interests Lucas Love Recruitment 316 members First Derivatives 12,338 followers KPMG Israel 929 members Queen's University Belfast Alumni 5,581 members De La Salle College Waterford Alumni 297 members Mulvaney 15 followers See all See all following
More Actions Regina has a account Regina Fogarty Director - Tax Turner Construction Company Pace University Greater New York City Area 346 346 connections Send InMail I am a tax professional specializing in corporate taxation for multinational manufacturing and retail corporations. I have successfully created an in house tax department for a corporation that had the tax function outsourced. The restructure of the tax group resulted in significant savings for the company. I have a strong background in seeking tax saving opportunities while ensuring tax compliance and reduced tax exposure for the corporation. Specialties: Tax Accounting -FAS109 Unrecognized Tax Positions - FIN48 US Domestic Taxation State & Local Taxation Transfer Pricing Inbound & Outbound - Section 482 Non-US Local Country Taxation Research and Planning Corporate Restructurings Audit & Dispute Resolution System Implementation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Director Company Name Turner Construction Company Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Montvale, New Jersey Tax Director Company Name Pernod Ricard Dates Employed Jan 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Purchase, New York Global Director of Tax Company Name Aricent Dates Employed 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Associate Director - Tax Company Name SAC Capital Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Director of Tax Company Name Benjamin Moore & Co. Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education Pace University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 50 endorsements for Tax 50 Tax Endorsed by Bob House and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 37 endorsements for Auditing 37 Auditing Endorsed by Adam Gelles, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 36 endorsements for Corporate Tax 36 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Joseph Affinito, CPA, M.S., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Carolyn McNerney Senior Counsel at LG Electronics USA September 17, 2014, Regina worked with Carolyn in the same group Regina does a great job at Pernod Ricard USA. She came on board and has become my go to person about the tax function. Her expertise in tax is only one of many talents she has. She has currently stepped in to lead an internal reorganization project. Bill Johnson Director of Process Change - Global Contact Center at Benjamin Moore & Co. October 5, 2010, Bill managed Regina directly Regina did a great job at Benjamin Moore. She came on board to implement our new strategy of bringing back in house our tax function and streamline the department. She brought in a whole new team and within a few months had the department up and running and providing us with a very large cost savings. Her expertise in tax is only one of many talents she has. She was a business partner for the key functional areas of the company, a project manager, and a great people manager. She has the highest ethical standards of anyone I know and her work ethic is outstanding. It was a pleasure to have her work for me. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Carolyn McNerney Senior Counsel at LG Electronics USA September 18, 2014, Regina worked with Carolyn in different groups Carolyn is a dedicated and well versed attorney who takes an active role on working with the business units to understand the goal of the business and will assist on implementing changes while adhering to the legal requirements. Carolyn explanations of the laws are clear and concise, which then helps the business units develop alternatives in addressing business needs. Carolyn is my "go to" attorney within the legal department and always provides me with assistance regardless of how big or small the legal issue may be. Lisa Heisler Haggis Communications Professional January 26, 2011, Regina worked with Lisa in different groups I worked with Lisa while at Benjamin Moore & Company. Lisa provided great assistance in coordination of projects. Lisa is a confident and competent professional while also being a great team player. I would value the opportunity to work with her again in my career. Lisa provides valuable services to every team she supports and is an asset to an organization. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Regina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Turner Construction Company 173,933 followers Colgate-Palmolive Alumni Network 5,206 members Tax Directors 12,170 members Pace University 66,051 followers Pace University 69,559 followers Wines & Spirits (Number 1 W&S group on Linked) 91,289 members See all See all following
More Actions Minji has a account Minji Huang Senior Tax Accountant George Xu,CPA &CO. PC City University of New York-Brooklyn College Greater New York City Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Four years’ public accounting experience •Proficiency in Microsoft office suits, Outlook, Quickbooks, ATX,ProSeries, Lacerte,1099-ETC and CFS I can be reached by email at huangminji2010@hotmail.com. Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name George Xu,CPA &CO. PC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New York, New York Staff Accountant Company Name Pau, Chew & CO CPAs LLP Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, New York • Performed bookkeeping and bank reconciliation for corporations including partnerships, LLCs, 990s, S-corporations and C-corporations in timely and accurate manner• Generated and managed annual and interim financial statements as well as trial balance with detailed footnotes and schedules• Created quarterly budgets and forecasts for tax planning and operating cost’s control, and presented to each corporation's management group• Prepared and filed individual and corporate federal and state income tax returns, estimates, and extensions Accounting Intern Company Name Kent Fok & Company CPA Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location New York,New York • Coordinated monthly payroll and sale calculations, and processed payroll and sale taxes in a timely and accurate manner• Issued 1099/1096/W2/W3 forms and developed knowledge in SUTA, FUTA and payroll tax exemptions Education City University of New York-Brooklyn College Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.7/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 •Member, BC Accounting Society Nanjing Audit University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Auditing Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 President of class and Founder of student club Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Kayi Luk CPA and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Xiaoke Huang and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax Yuan Zhao and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Minji has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests Citarella - The Ultimate Gourmet Market 379 followers Wells Fargo Advisors 64,450 followers MetLife 284,281 followers Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,997 members Novak Francella LLC 609 followers Coach 163,549 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph McGowan Vice President-Tax at Hill-Rom Hill-Rom Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Tax Highlights Experience Vice President-Tax Company Name Hill-Rom Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversee the tax and payroll departments. Staff includes four managers and 7 other staff. Responsibilities include global income tax planning, IFRS financial reporting for taxes, tax compliance and payroll matters. Secured the first ever Pre Filing Agreement entered into by the IRS for an excise tax matter for the medical device excise tax. Restructured foreign organization to provide for tax-free repatriation of foreign earnings. Successful resolution of US audit and appeals matters led to $6 million release of tax reserves. Continuously implement process efficiencies in areas of responsibility to minimize manhours necessary to perform routine tasks and allocate more resources to planning.Develop staff through appropriate assignment of work and training in relevant tax law and the company’s operations. Trustee & Treasurer for Winnetka Northfield Public Library Company Name Winnetka-Northfield Public Library District Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Winnetka, Illinois Trustee & Treasurer Director of Corporate Tax Company Name A.T. Kearney Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversaw the tax department. Staff included four managers and one staff. Responsibilities included global income tax planning, IFRS financial reporting for taxes, tax compliance and payroll tax matters. Redesigned and implemented a worldwide transfer pricing methodology which resulted in recognition of $24 million tax benefit. Identified and recovered $2.2 million of withholding taxes overpaid in previous years. Successful resolution of Canadian audit led to $4.5 million release of tax reserves. Director, Tax Company Name Quad/Graphics Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater Milwaukee Area Vice President of Global Taxation Company Name Solo Cup Company Dates Employed 2002 – 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Oversaw the tax department. Staff included 9 professionals, including three managers. Responsibilities included Tax planning, FAS 109 financial reporting, and tax compliance. Planned and executed tax and treasury aspects of Solo Cup’s $1.6 billion acquisition of Sweetheart Cup Company Inc. Responsibilities included financing the acquisition and determining the appropriate legal structure for the combined group. Repatriation of $11.1 million from foreign subsidiaries saved company $3.3 million. Restructured U.S., Mexican, European and Japanese entities to maximize annual tax benefits. Coordinated cross-border transfer pricing studies involving management fees, intercompany interest expense, and intercompany sales of product. Resolved major federal and numerous state audits with minimal additional liability. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Marketing & International Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Degree Name MST Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Villanova University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 100 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Sean Rutter and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 81 endorsements for Corporate Tax 81 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Matt Wallace and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 51 endorsements for Financial Reporting 51 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 5 of Joseph’s colleagues at Hill-Rom Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Nancy Frank Customer Focused Finance Leader February 11, 2016, Nancy worked with Joseph in the same group Nancy is a smart, hard-working employee who was heavily relied upon while at Deloitte. She puts team first while working to do the best thing for the company. I hope to have an opportunity to work with Nancy in the future. GARY SAKATA Chief Financial Officer at Taxi Affiliation Services October 20, 2010, Joseph managed GARY directly Gary Sakata is an exceptional Treasury professional. Immediately after I hired Gary to oversee Treasury and Insurance matters at Solo Cup Company, he demonstrated enough financial saavy that the company had him take responsibility for the Accounts Payable function as well. When Solo Cup tripled its size with the acquisition Sweetheart Cup, Gary ensured that the integration of the two separate Treasury groups went smoothly and he helped the company secure optimal outside financing for the transaction. I have learned much from working with Gary and I have enjoyed being a part of the same team with him. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joseph has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Leo Burnett Alum and Current Employees 4,865 members Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 111,757 followers Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 90,541 followers IMC Global 225 followers Hill-Rom Alumni and Network 1,953 members DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,958 followers See all See all following
More Actions Regina has a account Regina Fogarty Director - Tax Turner Construction Company Pace University Greater New York City Area 346 346 connections Send InMail I am a tax professional specializing in corporate taxation for multinational manufacturing and retail corporations. I have successfully created an in house tax department for a corporation that had the tax function outsourced. The restructure of the tax group resulted in significant savings for the company. I have a strong background in seeking tax saving opportunities while ensuring tax compliance and reduced tax exposure for the corporation. Specialties: Tax Accounting -FAS109 Unrecognized Tax Positions - FIN48 US Domestic Taxation State & Local Taxation Transfer Pricing Inbound & Outbound - Section 482 Non-US Local Country Taxation Research and Planning Corporate Restructurings Audit & Dispute Resolution System Implementation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Director Company Name Turner Construction Company Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Montvale, New Jersey Tax Director Company Name Pernod Ricard Dates Employed Jan 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Purchase, New York Global Director of Tax Company Name Aricent Dates Employed 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Associate Director - Tax Company Name SAC Capital Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Director of Tax Company Name Benjamin Moore & Co. Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education Pace University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 50 endorsements for Tax 50 Tax Endorsed by Bob House and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 37 endorsements for Auditing 37 Auditing Endorsed by Adam Gelles, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 36 endorsements for Corporate Tax 36 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Joseph Affinito, CPA, M.S., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Regina’s colleagues at Pernod Ricard Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Carolyn McNerney Senior Counsel at LG Electronics USA September 17, 2014, Regina worked with Carolyn in the same group Regina does a great job at Pernod Ricard USA. She came on board and has become my go to person about the tax function. Her expertise in tax is only one of many talents she has. She has currently stepped in to lead an internal reorganization project. Bill Johnson Director of Process Change - Global Contact Center at Benjamin Moore & Co. October 5, 2010, Bill managed Regina directly Regina did a great job at Benjamin Moore. She came on board to implement our new strategy of bringing back in house our tax function and streamline the department. She brought in a whole new team and within a few months had the department up and running and providing us with a very large cost savings. Her expertise in tax is only one of many talents she has. She was a business partner for the key functional areas of the company, a project manager, and a great people manager. She has the highest ethical standards of anyone I know and her work ethic is outstanding. It was a pleasure to have her work for me. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Carolyn McNerney Senior Counsel at LG Electronics USA September 18, 2014, Regina worked with Carolyn in different groups Carolyn is a dedicated and well versed attorney who takes an active role on working with the business units to understand the goal of the business and will assist on implementing changes while adhering to the legal requirements. Carolyn explanations of the laws are clear and concise, which then helps the business units develop alternatives in addressing business needs. Carolyn is my "go to" attorney within the legal department and always provides me with assistance regardless of how big or small the legal issue may be. Lisa Heisler Haggis Communications Professional January 26, 2011, Regina worked with Lisa in different groups I worked with Lisa while at Benjamin Moore & Company. Lisa provided great assistance in coordination of projects. Lisa is a confident and competent professional while also being a great team player. I would value the opportunity to work with her again in my career. Lisa provides valuable services to every team she supports and is an asset to an organization. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Regina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Pernod Ricard 221,111 followers Turner Construction Company 173,933 followers News Corp 32,408 followers Wines & Spirits (Number 1 W&S group on Linked) 91,289 members Tax Directors 12,170 members Pace University 66,051 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rory has a account Rory Mulvaney Managing Director at Mulvaney part of the Trustmoore Group Mulvaney Irish Taxation Institute Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am the founding Director of Mulvaney. A law graduate of Queen’s University Belfast, I then qualified as a Chartered Accountant before training and qualifying as a Tax Consultant with KPMG Dublin. I later moved into Industry joining Linesight a leading Global Consultancy (formerly known as Bruce Shaw International) as their International Tax Manager and later established my own boutique tax and corporate service Firm Mulvaney now part of the Trustmoore Group. My specialties are advising corporates and wealthy individuals on International Tax matters, establishing complex global corporate structures across a range of purposes and handling the implementation of restructuring projects for both domestic and foreign based clients. I have a particular interest in assisting entrepreneurs in both the start-up and exit phases of their businesses. Tutor with Queen's University Belfast, School of Law. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rory’s Activity 823 followers Michiel’s photo Rory liked Have you met Pascal Praag? Pascal earned her master’s degree in private Law at the Universiteit van Amsterdam and joined Trustmoore in September 2014. After successfully finishing her training as a Certified Compliance Officer, now is one of the Compliance Officers of the Amsterdam office. Please find more information and Pascal` contact details here; http://bit.ly/TMNLTeam Rory liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Mulvaney Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Newry Mulvaney delivers consulting and professional advisory services from the strategic location in the border city of Newry, thus providing close proximity to its branch offices in Dublin and Belfast.In 2017 Mulvaney became part of the Trustmoore Group, a global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises.Mulvaney enjoys a strategic partnership alliance between Trustmoore, an established independent global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises, in Ireland and the United Kingdom.This website sets out the company’s mission, goals, strategy for growth and commercial targets.Mulvaney is led by the Managing Director Rory Mulvaney, a young enthusiastic and highly-qualified business professional who has built a strong team of professionals to assist him in continuing to expand his consultancy business.Rory has identified a niche area of consulting and professional advisory services, which is different from that provided by other firms in the area and is strengthened by the strategic location in the border city of Newry, thus providing close proximity to its branch offices in Dublin and Belfast. The cross-border aspect of advice forms a key part of Mulvaney’s suite of services, and the firm’s headquarters in Newry is ideal for this.Trustmoore is an independent, global provider of corporate services to individuals and enterprises. A global team offers worldwide trust and corporate management services, delivered with dedication and personal attention, by the best people in the business. Media (1) This position has 1 media Homepage Homepage This media is a document International Tax Consultant Company Name Bruce Shaw Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Dublin Senior adviser for all international group tax issues affecting operations in Ireland, UK, European, Asia Pacific, U.S. and Middle Eastern Regions. Corporate Tax Consultant Company Name KPMG in Ireland Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Dublin KPMG Tax & legalFinancial Services Tax Practice Associate Chartered Accountant Company Name John MacMahon & Co. Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Newry, Belfast & Dundalk Education Irish Taxation Institute Degree Name CTA Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Chartered Accountants Ireland Field Of Study Chartered Accountant Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Decile Ranking 1 College of Law Degree Name LPC Field Of Study Legal Practice Course (With Commendations & Distinctions) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 30 endorsements for Tax 30 Tax Endorsed by Laura McCloskey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at John MacMahon & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 23 endorsements for Corporate Tax 23 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Rory’s colleagues at Linesight Click and drag to reorder skills International Tax See 16 endorsements for International Tax 16 International Tax Aaron Clements (MRPharmS, MBA) and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Seán Carty Head of Commercial at Canter Levin & Berg Solicitors October 5, 2012, Seán was a client of Rory’s I cannot recommend Rory highly enough! I am fortunate to have studied alongside Rory at the College of Law in Chester, and can confidently state that I benefited hugely from working alongside him, as did the entirety of our group. Rory always strives for perfection, and continually managed to dig out the right answers and produce the goods when necessary.Being aware of Rory's ability, and the tenacity and eagerness with which he approaches matters I have not surprisingly instructed him on a number of complex accounting matters. Rory did not disappoint and continues to impress. The speed at which he delivers a solution, together with the confident and clear advice which accompanies never fails to impress.No job is too technical or outside of the limits of this extremely talented young man! Plus what I can guarantee is that you will get on famously with Rory, he is a great laugh and always at the centre of the craic! Trevor Adams Corporate Solicitor at Freelance December 15, 2011, Trevor was Rory’s teacher Rory was always a hardworking and diligent student who brought a practical viewpoint to all discussions. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Seán Carty Head of Commercial at Canter Levin & Berg Solicitors December 15, 2011, Rory was a client of Seán’s I went to the College of Law at the same time as Sean, he was definitely one of the bright lights of our year for many reasons! A true all rounder. Sean was very dedicated to a career in law & commerce and was very committed to his studies to ensure he realised his goals.Sean was involved in a lot of the sports teams in both Chester University and the college of law with myself. We also enjoyed a lot of nights out together, Sean definitely was up for the craic and certainly always added a certain buzz to the proceedings. We quickly became great friends and remain so today. Any time I need some expert legal or business assistance he is a great man to get sound advice from.I would encourage anyone with any legal problems to seek out Sean as their advisor. He is a very astute guy with brains to burn but is very easy to talk to. It is clear to me Sean will go on to achieve great things in both his career and life. Watch this space! Accomplishments Interests Hey! Creative 21 members First Derivatives 12,338 followers Redwings International 517 followers Facebook 1,567,773 followers Lucas Love Recruitment 316 members UK Solicitors Group - Sponsored by Findukpeople.com 25,311 members See all See all following
More Actions Minji has a account Minji Huang Senior Tax Accountant George Xu,CPA &CO. PC City University of New York-Brooklyn College Greater New York City Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Four years’ public accounting experience •Proficiency in Microsoft office suits, Outlook, Quickbooks, ATX,ProSeries, Lacerte,1099-ETC and CFS I can be reached by email at huangminji2010@hotmail.com. Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name George Xu,CPA &CO. PC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New York, New York Staff Accountant Company Name Pau, Chew & CO CPAs LLP Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, New York • Performed bookkeeping and bank reconciliation for corporations including partnerships, LLCs, 990s, S-corporations and C-corporations in timely and accurate manner• Generated and managed annual and interim financial statements as well as trial balance with detailed footnotes and schedules• Created quarterly budgets and forecasts for tax planning and operating cost’s control, and presented to each corporation's management group• Prepared and filed individual and corporate federal and state income tax returns, estimates, and extensions Accounting Intern Company Name Kent Fok & Company CPA Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location New York,New York • Coordinated monthly payroll and sale calculations, and processed payroll and sale taxes in a timely and accurate manner• Issued 1099/1096/W2/W3 forms and developed knowledge in SUTA, FUTA and payroll tax exemptions Education City University of New York-Brooklyn College Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 3.7/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 •Member, BC Accounting Society Nanjing Audit University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Auditing Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 President of class and Founder of student club Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Kayi Luk CPA and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Xiaoke Huang and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 6 endorsements for Income Tax 6 Income Tax Yuan Zhao and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Minji has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests Brooklyn College 519 members HSBC 1,029,884 followers Skyline Restoration Inc 1,870 followers ACCOUNTING JOBS - NEW YORK - NYC 1,774 members AXA US 37,766 followers IEX, the Investors Exchange 4,806 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charles has a account Charles Adams Managing Partner at MacAlpine Carll & Company LLC MacAlpine Carll & Company Rowan University Greater Philadelphia Area 90 90 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name MacAlpine Carll & Company Dates Employed 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs Location Greater Philadelphia Area Staff Accountant Company Name MacAlpine Carll & Company Dates Employed Mar 1980 – 1990 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater Philadelphia Area Operational Analyst Company Name Subsidiary of I.U. International Dates Employed 1978 – 1979 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Philadelphia Area Education Rowan University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 8 endorsements for Financial Reporting 8 Financial Reporting Brian Davis and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Steve Schneider and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Jon Poshywak and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) 7,559 members Rowan University 50,997 followers Rowan University 53,721 followers Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA) 13,196 members Liberty Mutual Insurance 182,148 followers MacAlpine Carll & Company 15 followers See all See all following
More Actions Deborah has a account Deborah Knepper Accountant Accounting Services 4U, LLC University of Massachusetts, Amherst Worcester, Massachusetts 74 74 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner / President Company Name Accounting Services 4U, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location 74 Elm St Worcester MA Providing accounting services for small businesses and individuals including corporate and individual tax, payroll, general ledger reconciliation and adjustment, along with quickbooks/computer analysis to mention a few. With my experience in public accounting over the last 30 years, I now bring my service as a sole proprietor. This enables me time to offer you, the client, a thorough analysis of your accounting needs. Accountant Company Name Dates Employed Aug 1983 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs 11 mos Education University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name Accounting, minor economics Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by Bill OConnell, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 10 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 10 Account Reconciliation Cheryl Richard and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Lucinda (Kussmaul) Booth and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Massachusetts Amherst 181,608 followers QuickBooks Pro Advisors and Experts 9,906 members University of Massachusetts Amherst 176,633 followers TaxAssist Accountants 3,946 followers
More Actions Krissy has a account Krissy Humphries Senior Tax Accountant at Live Nation Entertainment Live Nation Entertainment University of Houston Houston, Texas 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a passionate, driven tax accountant and graduate of the University of Houston. I have focused my career towards tax due to the ever changing legislation and challenges which drive me to be a life-long student. I enjoy working with people and businesses in order to achieve optimum business efficiency in the area of the tax. My philosophy is that every employee has the ability to help a company succeed. Currently I work for one of LinkedIn's Top 100 InDemand Employers in North America - Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. Live Nation is also the global leader in live entertainment with subsidiaries located in the USA, UK, and Belgium just to name a few countries. In my current role I assist with assembling the tax provision for quarterly and annual financial reporting. I am also working to complete the CPA exam. In the future I would be interested in opportunities in the Colorado area. Potential consulting or career opportunity? Let's chat - I aim to bring my passion, energy, and skills wherever I go! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Live Nation Entertainment Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Tax Provision & Tax Research Tax Senior Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Tax Accountant Company Name EY Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Corporate ExperienceCorporate Federal and State Annual FilingsConsolidationsASC 740 Tax Provisions - Preparation, Audits, & ReviewsTangible Property Regulations Accounting Methods ChangeSOX 404Partnership & Individual ExperiencePartnership FormationsPartnership Annual FilingPartnership AllocationIndividual Form 1040 & 1040NRIndividual Foreign Tax CreditOtherCampus Recruiting Tax Consultant Company Name Tax Advisory Services Group LLC Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Prepare form 720 bi-monthly and quarterly Federal Tax return.Prepare Motor Fuels tax returns for states including: Louisiana, New Jersey, West Virginia, Texas, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. Review invoices from client's suppliers for current sales and tax application.Maintain business associate license and exemption certificate compliance, as well as updating information in Sol Arc Right Angle. Respond to requests for exemption certificates for approximately 6 different entities. Update tax rules for correct billing in Sol Arc Right Angle.Research motor fuel tax laws for oil transportation. Tax Intern Company Name EY Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area · Assisted Senior Managers and Partners with United States individual tax returns. · Utilized programs such as LotusNotes, GoSystems, and other industry specific software · Designed more user friendly Excel spreadsheets to minimize the risk of errors. See more positions Education University of Houston Degree Name PPA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, PPA University of Houston Degree Name Program; BBA Field Of Study Accountancy; Accountancy & Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Volunteer Experience Tax Volunteer Company Name Neighborhood Tax Centers Dates volunteered Nov 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 8 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Economic Impact:In the past 3 years, Neighborhood Tax Centers Volunteers have helped us to prepare over 71,000 tax returns and put over $91 million in net refunds back into the pockets of Houston Families!2012 Goals:This tax season, our goal is to prepare 27,500 tax returns with the help of 500 Intermediate Certified and ACTIVE Tax Preparers! This means actually preparing tax returns at our tax centers! Skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word Microsoft Word Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Lindsay Madison, CPA Tax Manager at Tax Advisory Services Group, LLC March 2, 2015, Krissy reported directly to Lindsay I had the pleasure of working with Lindsay at TASG. Lindsay is great at building relationships and extremely knowledgeable about motor fuels. Additionally, Lindsay is a great teacher. She is patient and willing to spend the time needed to make sure that her team is skilled - a benefit to her team, the company, and her clients. The projects I worked on with Lindsay taught me more than technical skills, but also the soft skills necessary to make it in my career. I am a better employee after my time spent learning from her and hope to have opportunities to collaborate with her in the future. Javeria Kazi Assistant Director of Post-Award, Office of Contracts and Grants April 22, 2011, Krissy reported directly to Javeria Javeria is one of the best trainers I have had the privilege to work for at The University of Houston. Not only is Javeria patient, but she is also detail oriented with a great ability to muti-talk. Her attitude is always positive and upbeat which helps the team morale. I look forward to working with Javeria in the future. Accomplishments Krissy has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Houston Society of CPAs Interests Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,959,155 followers Accounting & Financial Women's Alliance 10,123 members University of Houston Bauer College of Business Alumni 8,284 members University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business 19,567 followers Forbes 4,680,296 followers The Business Journals 12,263 followers See all See all following
More Actions Susan has a account Susan Nash Senior Tax Manager at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc CPAs & Advisors (formerly Brunberg Blatt and Company, Inc) Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc. CPAs & Advisors (Formerly Brunberg Blatt and Company) University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 162 162 connections Send InMail Due to the increasing complexity of tax law, I devote my time to helping my clients navigate tax law changes, take advantage of the opportunities created and avoid the hidden traps. From business planning to helping clients through the tax maze when when a loved one passes away, my job is to make the process as seamless, understandable and efficient as I can for them. Specialties: Tax Research & Planning, Estates, Trusts, Gifts See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr Tax Manager Company Name Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc. CPAs & Advisors (Formerly Brunberg Blatt and Company) Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos Tax research, planning, compliance. Tax Senior Company Name Blatt Kleinbaum Summerfield & Kelner, Ltd Dates Employed Feb 1995 – Jan 2004 Employment Duration 9 yrs Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 East Central University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 14 endorsements for Tax Research 14 Tax Research Endorsed by 4 of Susan’s colleagues at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc. CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 13 endorsements for Tax 13 Tax Endorsed by 5 of Susan’s colleagues at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc. CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 12 endorsements for Tax Preparation 12 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Rachel Peters, CPA, CFE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Susan’s colleagues at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge Inc. CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Diane Marquis, CPA Contract Controller, Accounting, and Bookkeeping Services March 1, 2010, Susan was senior to Diane but didn’t manage directly Sue's command of the tax law is amazing, not only for the number of areas she is proficient in, but also for the depth of her knowledge in those areas. Partnerships, corporations, individuals, estates, trusts - she has a truly comprehensive grasp on the intricacies of the tax law. She is a valuable resource for Brunberg Blatt and Company, and for all the fortunate clients they serve. Sue is professional, welcoming, and always a pleasure to work with. Diane H. Schaible, CPA Senior Tax Manager at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge, Inc. November 11, 2009, Susan worked with Diane H. in the same group Sue helps clients sort through the confusing maze of rules and requirements when helping them with their families' estate and trust tax issues. Her ability to understand each family's situation and offer planning suggestions is very valuable to those clients working with her. Diane Marquis, CPA Contract Controller, Accounting, and Bookkeeping Services January 22, 2010, Diane worked with Susan in the same group Diane is a detailed oriented, seasoned tax professional who puts out superior quality work and has the ability to take a project that is a complete mess and create order out of chaos. Diane H. Schaible, CPA Senior Tax Manager at Thoresen Diaby Helle Condon & Dodge, Inc. November 2, 2009, Diane H. worked with Susan in the same group In addition to her broad tax background, Diane also has significant expertise in assisting Canadian businesses and individuals moving to the United States with tax issues. Accomplishments Susan has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations American Quarter Horse Association National Reined Cowhorse Association AICPA - American Institute of Certified Public Accountants MN Society of Certified Public Accountants North Central Reined Cowhorse Association Interests East Central University 10,901 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,680 followers Estate Planning Network 6,558 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members University of Minnesota Alumni Association (UMAA) 36,048 members State Tax Professionals 3,894 members See all See all following
More Actions Louis has a account Louis Bocchetto Owner, Louis D. bocchetto & Associates, Inc. Louis D. bocchetto & Associates, Inc. Charlotte, North Carolina Area 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Louis D. bocchetto & Associates, Inc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Donna has a account Donna Flanagan, CPA Senior Tax Manager at Henry & Company, PC Henry & Company, PC Texas A&M University Houston, Texas 120 120 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name Henry & Company, PC Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location 1177 West Loop South, Houston TX Review and sign returns including corporate, partnership, trust, estate, non-profit, payroll and Texas franchise tax returns. Calculate quarterly estimated tax payments and yearend tax planning. Maintain close client relationships. Available to clients at all times for professional advice and problem solving. Analyze individual and business practices to improve efficiency and achieve the most tax efficient outcome. Assist clients with staff interviewing and hiring, software implementation and staff training, attend board meetings, schedule regular office visits and promptly respond to any other needs or requests made by the client. Supervise staff members, including interviewing and hiring. Assign work to appropriate staff, assist staff with gathering client information and oversee progress of assignments. Facilitate the professional development of staff through training and mentoring. President Company Name D. S. Flanagan & Associates Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Houston,Texas Tax Manager Company Name ABIP - Alonzo, Bacarisse, Irvine & Palmer P.C. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Review and sign returns including corporate, partnership, trust, estate, non-profit, payroll and Texas franchise tax returns. Calculate quarterly estimated tax payments and yearend tax planning. Maintain close client relationships. Available to clients at all times for professional advice and problem solving. Analyze individual and business practices to improve efficiency and achieve the most tax efficient outcome. Assist clients with staff interviewing and hiring, software implementation and staff training, attend board meetings, schedule regular office visits and promptly respond to any other needs or requests made by the client. Supervise 3-6 staff members, including interviewing and hiring. Assign work to appropriate staff, assist staff with gathering client information and oversee progress of assignments. Facilitate the professional development of staff through training and mentoring. CFO Company Name ScreenTek, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Chief Financial Officer - Responsibilities include monthly financial reporting for 8 international entities, Netherlands, UK, Mexico, Canada, Australia, Taiwan, Japan and Turkey as well as 2 domestic entities. Manage cash flow, credit card and paypal transactions, and transfer of funds from foreign entities. Supervise staff of 8. Provide guidance and direction, to entire company, in cleaning books from 2011 to current. Training for ERP System, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009. Prepared 1120S, Franchise Tax &amp; 1120-DISC returns and served as tax liaison for filing International Corporate and VAT returns. Assist in opening and closing foreign locations from a legal and tax aspect. Significant Accomplishments:Successfully completed 2011 Audit and Japanese Tax audit with no material changes. Cleaned up Balance Sheet, Income Statement, A/R and A/P for several entities. Senior Tax Manager Company Name Sheffield Trackwell & Rapp, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos Review of 600+ returns including corporate, partnership, trust, estate, non-profit, payroll and Texas franchise tax returns. Calculate quarterly estimated tax payments and yearend tax planning. Prepare financial statements, compilation reports and complicated tax returns. Keeping abreast of new development in tax rulings and legislations. Responsibilities increased to signing returns. Due Diligence. Analyzed the financial situation of the business, legal obligations, customer records, and other documents of selling company for prospective buyer. Prepared analysis report detailing all discoveries. Maintain close client relationships. Available to clients at all times for professional advice and problem solving. Analyze individual and business practices to improve efficiency and achieve the most tax efficient outcome. Assist clients with staff interviewing and hiring, software implementation and staff training, attend board meetings, schedule regular office visits and promptly respond to any other needs or requests made by the client. Supervise 3-6 staff members, including interviewing and hiring. Assign work to appropriate staff, assist staff with gathering client information and oversee progress of assignments. Facilitate the professional development of staff through training and mentoring.Implement internal firm tax preparation procedures, developed manual for those procedures and conducted staff training meetings. Share responsibility of maintaining due date list and ensured that all returns and extensions are filed timely. Significant Accomplishments:Substantial tax savings of new and existing clients.Obtained new clients through referrals from existing clients and professional associations.Decreased workload for owner by assuming many of his responsibilities. See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 9 endorsements for QuickBooks 9 QuickBooks Patricia Reyna Russo and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Patricia Reyna Russo and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 2 endorsements for Tax Preparation 2 Tax Preparation Patricia Reyna Russo and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas A&M University 341,697 followers Texas A&M University 358,598 followers Miller Grossbard Advisors, LLP 543 followers Leyendecker & Associates 2,918 followers PMB Helin Donovan 709 followers
More Actions Greg has a account Greg Davis Senior Tax Manager at Cherry Bekaert LLP Cherry Bekaert LLP Old Dominion University Norfolk, Virginia Area 191 191 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Old Dominion University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 5 endorsements for Tax Research 5 Tax Research Endorsed by 3 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 4 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 4 Partnership Taxation Endorsed by 3 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,623 followers Old Dominion University 90,601 followers Cornick, Garber & Sandler, LLP 478 followers Old Dominion University 95,848 followers U.S. Coast Guard Community Services Command (CGCSC) 866 followers John A. ByrneJohn A. Byrne is a LinkedIn Influencer Fast Company & BusinessWeek Former Editor 665,971 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Rogers Director at Kimbrell & Associates Kimbrell & Associates University of Mississippi Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name Kimbrell & Associates Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Director and South Region Practice Leader - International Tax Services Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Senior Managing Consultant and South Region Practice Leader - International Tax Services Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Houston, Texas Area Managing Consultant - International Tax Services Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Manager - International Tax Company Name Bristow Group Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Houston, Texas Area See more positions Education University of Mississippi Degree Name MA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 University of Mississippi Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of Mississippi Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Managerial Finance, Banking and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 30 endorsements for International Tax 30 International Tax Endorsed by Todd W. Hedgpeth, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Chris’ colleagues at BKD CPAs & Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 18 endorsements for Corporate Tax 18 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Rachel H.Q. Wang, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Bristow Group Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Dan Walker and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Chris’ colleagues at RigNet Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Certified Public Accountant Interests KPMG 595,535 followers BKD CPAs & Advisors 15,960 followers The Economist 4,125,433 followers Lockheed Martin 527,970 followers Forbes 4,680,298 followers International Taxation Network 5,888 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael J. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael J. Duffy, CPA Director of Business Development-Wiley / ELS WIley Western Illinois University Greater San Diego Area 376 376 connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Michael J.’s Activity 376 followers One of the World's Great Cheeses Might Be Going Extinct Michael J. liked See all activity Experience Director of Business Development-Efficient Learning Systems Company Name WIley Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location San DIego Member Company Name Western Illinois University Advisory Board Dates Employed 2009 – 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs Sr. Vice President Business Development Company Name CPAexcel CPA Review Dates Employed 2005 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs Director of Marketing and Product Development Company Name Becker CPA Review Dates Employed 1999 – 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs National Director Company Name Conviser Duffy CPA Review Dates Employed 1988 – 1999 Employment Duration 11 yrs See more positions Education Western Illinois University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 28 endorsements for CPA 28 CPA Endorsed by Mark Judd and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 27 endorsements for Financial Analysis 27 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Pam Smith and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Judd and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Peter J. Scalise Federal Tax Credits & Incentives Practice Leader for the Americas October 20, 2012, Peter J. worked with Michael J. but at different companies Michael Duffy is unequivocally one of the national icons of CPA Review. I have had the privilege to collaborate with Michael since my early days as a university student to the present as a highly renowned National Tax Practice Leader. I highly recommend Michael without any reservations as a trusted advisor in CPA Review. Carl Chapman Digital Marketer with extensive expertise in SEO, Paid Search, Local SEO, & Social Media. May 21, 2015, Michael J. was senior to Carl but didn’t manage directly Hi Carl,I had the pleasure of working along side a master of SEO. Your ability to take a little know educational company and elevate our position to #1 on the top search engines in months was amazing. A real pro.Rgds,Mike DuffyDirector of Business Development-Wiley Efficient Learning Accomplishments Interests The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,413,459 followers 4D Executive Search 2,116 followers Advice for Tax Preparers 1,138 members Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members Western Illinois University 65,763 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Epp Divisional Sales Manager - Treasury Management at Wells Fargo Bank Wells Fargo Bank University of Calgary Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Cerrtified Treasury Professional, CTP - Association For Financial Professionals Highlights Experience Divisional Sales Manager - Treasury Management Company Name Wells Fargo Bank Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location MId-Atlantic Media (1) This position has 1 media Wells Fargo Treasury Insights Wells Fargo Treasury Insights This media is a link Regional Sales Manager - Treasury Management Company Name Capital One Bank Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos -Responsible for supervising team of Treasury Management for the Mid Atlantic Division of Capital One Bank. Regional Sales Manger - Treasury Management and Merchant Services Company Name M&T Bank Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Managed top performing team of Treasury Management and Merchant Sales consultants who generated over $4MM annually in revenues. Treasury Management Consultant Company Name M&T Bank Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos -Responsible for generating annual revenue for the Bank though the sales of Treasury Management Services.-Worked with Small Business, Middle Market, Government, and Auto Floor Plan customers.-Consistently exceeded sales and calling targets every year employed in this position.-Created and promoted, “Plan Your Work, Work Your Plan”, an internal partnering manual that is now used by all sales members in Treasury Management and Merchant Services and that was introduced Relationship Managers across the Bank.-Received MVP Departmental Award in 2003, Member of 2002 ‘President’s Council’ Education University of Calgary Degree Name M.F.A Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Committee Member Company Name Boy Scouts of America Dates volunteered Mar 2008 – Mar 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Treasury Management See 51 endorsements for Treasury Management 51 Treasury Management Endorsed by Frank Sands, CTP and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 22 endorsements for Sales 22 Sales Endorsed by 7 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Banking See 20 endorsements for Banking 20 Banking Endorsed by Greg Weddell and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Desiree Johnson at October 5, 2011, Nicole managed Desiree directly Desiree is a highly organized individual with a desire to win business. In front of a client she is an excellent listener and is very responsive to her client base. Allana Lazeroff Senior Vice President at Genesee Regional Bank February 12, 2009, Allana worked with Nicole in the same group Allana was an excellent manager who was very focused on developing her sales team. As a colleague, she was always willing to lend a hand and could be counted on to follow through with projects accurately and on time. Her work ethic was very strong and her collaborative skills were very helpful in solving problems. Accomplishments Nicole has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Treasury Professional Interests Association for Financial Professionals® (AFP) 22,098 members Wells Fargo 569,863 followers University of Calgary 154,143 followers TED Conferences 5,516,535 followers Randstad Financial Services Group 1,135 members University of Calgary 140,204 followers
More Actions Krissy has a account Krissy Humphries Senior Tax Accountant at Live Nation Entertainment Live Nation Entertainment University of Houston Houston, Texas 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a passionate, driven tax accountant and graduate of the University of Houston. I have focused my career towards tax due to the ever changing legislation and challenges which drive me to be a life-long student. I enjoy working with people and businesses in order to achieve optimum business efficiency in the area of the tax. My philosophy is that every employee has the ability to help a company succeed. Currently I work for one of LinkedIn's Top 100 InDemand Employers in North America - Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. Live Nation is also the global leader in live entertainment with subsidiaries located in the USA, UK, and Belgium just to name a few countries. In my current role I assist with assembling the tax provision for quarterly and annual financial reporting. I am also working to complete the CPA exam. In the future I would be interested in opportunities in the Colorado area. Potential consulting or career opportunity? Let's chat - I aim to bring my passion, energy, and skills wherever I go! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Live Nation Entertainment Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Tax Provision & Tax Research Tax Senior Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Tax Accountant Company Name EY Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Corporate ExperienceCorporate Federal and State Annual FilingsConsolidationsASC 740 Tax Provisions - Preparation, Audits, & ReviewsTangible Property Regulations Accounting Methods ChangeSOX 404Partnership & Individual ExperiencePartnership FormationsPartnership Annual FilingPartnership AllocationIndividual Form 1040 & 1040NRIndividual Foreign Tax CreditOtherCampus Recruiting Tax Consultant Company Name Tax Advisory Services Group LLC Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Prepare form 720 bi-monthly and quarterly Federal Tax return.Prepare Motor Fuels tax returns for states including: Louisiana, New Jersey, West Virginia, Texas, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. Review invoices from client's suppliers for current sales and tax application.Maintain business associate license and exemption certificate compliance, as well as updating information in Sol Arc Right Angle. Respond to requests for exemption certificates for approximately 6 different entities. Update tax rules for correct billing in Sol Arc Right Angle.Research motor fuel tax laws for oil transportation. Tax Intern Company Name EY Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area · Assisted Senior Managers and Partners with United States individual tax returns. · Utilized programs such as LotusNotes, GoSystems, and other industry specific software · Designed more user friendly Excel spreadsheets to minimize the risk of errors. See more positions Education University of Houston Degree Name PPA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, PPA University of Houston Degree Name Program; BBA Field Of Study Accountancy; Accountancy & Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Volunteer Experience Tax Volunteer Company Name Neighborhood Tax Centers Dates volunteered Nov 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 8 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Economic Impact:In the past 3 years, Neighborhood Tax Centers Volunteers have helped us to prepare over 71,000 tax returns and put over $91 million in net refunds back into the pockets of Houston Families!2012 Goals:This tax season, our goal is to prepare 27,500 tax returns with the help of 500 Intermediate Certified and ACTIVE Tax Preparers! This means actually preparing tax returns at our tax centers! Skills Accounting Accounting Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word Microsoft Word Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Lindsay Madison, CPA Tax Manager at Tax Advisory Services Group, LLC March 2, 2015, Krissy reported directly to Lindsay I had the pleasure of working with Lindsay at TASG. Lindsay is great at building relationships and extremely knowledgeable about motor fuels. Additionally, Lindsay is a great teacher. She is patient and willing to spend the time needed to make sure that her team is skilled - a benefit to her team, the company, and her clients. The projects I worked on with Lindsay taught me more than technical skills, but also the soft skills necessary to make it in my career. I am a better employee after my time spent learning from her and hope to have opportunities to collaborate with her in the future. Javeria Kazi Assistant Director of Post-Award, Office of Contracts and Grants April 22, 2011, Krissy reported directly to Javeria Javeria is one of the best trainers I have had the privilege to work for at The University of Houston. Not only is Javeria patient, but she is also detail oriented with a great ability to muti-talk. Her attitude is always positive and upbeat which helps the team morale. I look forward to working with Javeria in the future. Accomplishments Krissy has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Houston Society of CPAs Interests University of Houston Bauer College of Business Alumni 8,284 members The Economist 4,125,434 followers University of Houston 223,114 followers University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business 20,154 followers Bloomberg LP 720,713 followers BBC 775,431 followers See all See all following
More Actions Greg has a account Greg Davis Senior Tax Manager at Cherry Bekaert LLP Cherry Bekaert LLP Old Dominion University Norfolk, Virginia Area 191 191 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Manager Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Old Dominion University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 5 endorsements for Tax Research 5 Tax Research Endorsed by 3 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 4 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 4 Partnership Taxation Endorsed by 3 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Greg’s colleagues at Cherry Bekaert LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bruner Cox LLP is now CLA 405 followers U.S. Coast Guard Community Services Command (CGCSC) 866 followers Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,623 followers Old Dominion University 95,848 followers Moodys Gartner Tax Law 1,080 followers Robert E. MoritzRobert E. Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman PricewaterhouseCoopers Int. at PwC 248,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael J. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael J. Duffy, CPA Director of Business Development-Wiley / ELS WIley Western Illinois University Greater San Diego Area 376 376 connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Michael J.’s Activity 376 followers One of the World's Great Cheeses Might Be Going Extinct Michael J. liked See all activity Experience Director of Business Development-Efficient Learning Systems Company Name WIley Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location San DIego Member Company Name Western Illinois University Advisory Board Dates Employed 2009 – 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs Sr. Vice President Business Development Company Name CPAexcel CPA Review Dates Employed 2005 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs Director of Marketing and Product Development Company Name Becker CPA Review Dates Employed 1999 – 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs National Director Company Name Conviser Duffy CPA Review Dates Employed 1988 – 1999 Employment Duration 11 yrs See more positions Education Western Illinois University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 28 endorsements for CPA 28 CPA Endorsed by Mark Judd and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 27 endorsements for Financial Analysis 27 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Pam Smith and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 23 endorsements for Accounting 23 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Judd and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael J.’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Peter J. Scalise Federal Tax Credits & Incentives Practice Leader for the Americas October 20, 2012, Peter J. worked with Michael J. but at different companies Michael Duffy is unequivocally one of the national icons of CPA Review. I have had the privilege to collaborate with Michael since my early days as a university student to the present as a highly renowned National Tax Practice Leader. I highly recommend Michael without any reservations as a trusted advisor in CPA Review. Carl Chapman Digital Marketer with extensive expertise in SEO, Paid Search, Local SEO, & Social Media. May 21, 2015, Michael J. was senior to Carl but didn’t manage directly Hi Carl,I had the pleasure of working along side a master of SEO. Your ability to take a little know educational company and elevate our position to #1 on the top search engines in months was amazing. A real pro.Rgds,Mike DuffyDirector of Business Development-Wiley Efficient Learning Accomplishments Interests The American Society of Tax Professionals 4,328 members Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members Josh BersinJosh Bersin is a LinkedIn Influencer Principal and Founder, Bersin by Deloitte 568,500 followers Western Illinois University 67,669 followers McClatchy 4,937 followers Advice for Tax Preparers 1,138 members See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Epp Divisional Sales Manager - Treasury Management at Wells Fargo Bank Wells Fargo Bank University of Calgary Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Cerrtified Treasury Professional, CTP - Association For Financial Professionals Highlights Experience Divisional Sales Manager - Treasury Management Company Name Wells Fargo Bank Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location MId-Atlantic Media (1) This position has 1 media Wells Fargo Treasury Insights Wells Fargo Treasury Insights This media is a link Regional Sales Manager - Treasury Management Company Name Capital One Bank Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos -Responsible for supervising team of Treasury Management for the Mid Atlantic Division of Capital One Bank. Regional Sales Manger - Treasury Management and Merchant Services Company Name M&T Bank Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Managed top performing team of Treasury Management and Merchant Sales consultants who generated over $4MM annually in revenues. Treasury Management Consultant Company Name M&T Bank Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos -Responsible for generating annual revenue for the Bank though the sales of Treasury Management Services.-Worked with Small Business, Middle Market, Government, and Auto Floor Plan customers.-Consistently exceeded sales and calling targets every year employed in this position.-Created and promoted, “Plan Your Work, Work Your Plan”, an internal partnering manual that is now used by all sales members in Treasury Management and Merchant Services and that was introduced Relationship Managers across the Bank.-Received MVP Departmental Award in 2003, Member of 2002 ‘President’s Council’ Education University of Calgary Degree Name M.F.A Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Committee Member Company Name Boy Scouts of America Dates volunteered Mar 2008 – Mar 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Treasury Management See 51 endorsements for Treasury Management 51 Treasury Management Endorsed by Frank Sands, CTP and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 22 endorsements for Sales 22 Sales Endorsed by 7 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Banking See 20 endorsements for Banking 20 Banking Endorsed by Greg Weddell and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Nicole’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Desiree Johnson at October 5, 2011, Nicole managed Desiree directly Desiree is a highly organized individual with a desire to win business. In front of a client she is an excellent listener and is very responsive to her client base. Allana Lazeroff Senior Vice President at Genesee Regional Bank February 12, 2009, Allana worked with Nicole in the same group Allana was an excellent manager who was very focused on developing her sales team. As a colleague, she was always willing to lend a hand and could be counted on to follow through with projects accurately and on time. Her work ethic was very strong and her collaborative skills were very helpful in solving problems. Accomplishments Nicole has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Treasury Professional Interests University of Calgary 154,143 followers Wells Fargo 569,863 followers TED Conferences 5,516,537 followers Association for Financial Professionals® (AFP) 22,098 members Randstad Financial Services Group 1,135 members University of Calgary 140,200 followers
More Actions David has a account David Brody General Counsel at Rodeo Capital Rodeo Capital, Inc. Whittier Law School Greater Los Angeles Area 448 448 connections Send InMail Legal and strategic advisor to directors, officers and business units. Broad range of expertise across legal, accounting, planning, operations and strategies. Areas of expertise include: Mergers & Acquisitions, Governance, Advising Board of Directors, ‘34 Act Compliance, Investor Relations, Litigation Management, Regulation D Private Placement Offerings, Real Estate Transactions, Loan Servicing, Due Diligence, Advertising/Marketing, Tax Planning & Compliance See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience General Counsel Company Name Rodeo Capital, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Rodeo Capital specializes in complex business or investment purpose real estate loans that are generally not available at conventional banks. The company is a licensed California real estate broker that arranges and services loans on behalf of investors through Regulation D Funds and directly on behalf individual investors. I direct and manage the legal affairs of the company, including real estate financing transactions, specifically mortgage loan originations, bridge lending, loan modifications, workouts, foreclosures, and general real estate and business transactions. . Legal Counsel Company Name LA Clippers Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Los Angeles, CA I provided legal and strategic advice on advertising, marketing and sponsorship activities, social media and mobile initiatives, intellectual property development and protection, production and entertainment, vendor agreements, privacy, risk analysis and insurance, design and implementation of corporate policies and procedures, and compliance with NBA rules. I provided counsel and services in connection with the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to Steven A. Ballmer for $2 billion. General Counsel and Secretary Company Name Signature Group Holdings, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Sherman Oaks, CA Signature Group Holdings, Inc. (now known as Real Industry, Inc. - NASDAQ: RELY) is a publicly traded holding company seeking to invest its capital in controlled acquisitions of large, well-managed and consistently profitable businesses in order to maximize consolidated earnings to take advantage of its large federal net operating loss tax carryforward and maximize shareholder value. I was appointed General Counsel after the company’s emergence from its Chapter 11 reorganization. I managed all aspects of the company’s legal affairs and compliance structure. Assistant General Counsel Company Name Fremont General Corporation Dates Employed Nov 1995 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Location Santa Monica, CA. Fremont was a publicly traded financial services holding company with market capitalization of $2 billion that owned residential and commercial real estate finance companies and insurance companies prior to its Chapter 11 filing in June 2008. Managed the legal affairs of the Company including corporate governance and advising Board of Directors; securities compliance, including ’34 Act periodic and annual reporting; mergers and acquisitions; litigation managment, including strategy, and supervision and direction of outside lawyers. Tax Manager Company Name Fremont General Corporation Dates Employed Sep 1992 – Oct 1995 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Managed tax planning and compliance for the consolidated group of finance and insurance companies, including preparation of tax provisions and returns. See more positions Education Whittier Law School Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1984 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Governance See 24 endorsements for Corporate Governance 24 Corporate Governance Endorsed by Keith Gottfried and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Fremont General Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Litigation See 21 endorsements for Litigation 21 Litigation Evan Forrest and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 20 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 20 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Shane Mincer 🌎 🇺🇸 🌞, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Nicole Maury Owner, The Project Curator; Video Producer, Editor, Past-President, IABC-LA (2012-2014) March 14, 2012, David was a client of Nicole’s Nicole has excellent project management, marketing, communication and sales skills. She has successfully led creative projects to market and sell a diffcult asset held by my company. Accomplishments David has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (Inactive) State Bar of California Interests Avenue Pacific 7,510 followers American Academy of Attorney-CPAs (AAA-CPA) 2,286 members INHOUSE LEGAL - General Counsels, CLO's, In House Lawyers, General Counsel 89,600 members FTI Consulting 48,656 followers Rodeo Capital, Inc. 113 followers Real Alloy 725 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristin has a account Kristin Craig at FMC Technologies University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Houston, Texas Area 279 279 connections Send InMail Specialties: accountancy, cashier, customer service, inventory management, microsoft access, microsoft excel, microsoft outlook, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft publisher, microsoft word, pagemaker, quantitative analysis, Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant II Company Name FMC Technologies Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Houston, Texas Preparing federal, state and international tax returns. Staff Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Houston, Texas Preparing federal, state and local, and international tax returns. Tax Intern Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Assisted in preparing state and local tax return estimates for extension payments and extension filing. Accounting - Data Entry Company Name Wayne Enterprises Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Assisted CFO with special projectsAnnual tax audit - Audited tax records to check for inconsistencies with IRS records.Cash ledger reconciliation audit - Audited the cash ledger for $1000 missing cash and narrowed it down to $150.Annual expense report - Processed the 2009 expenses into an analysis report for expense reduction. Found $1000 plus in unnecessary expenses. Credit reconciliation - Helped reduce outstanding return credits significantly. Provided quantitative analysis in order to communicate qualitative reports for customer service efficiency.Managed customer order records, and return preparation.Prepared invoices for service customers through paper system and online Ariba system. Took on additive responsibilities in multiple departments - accounting, customer service, and purchasing. Sales Floor Associate Company Name Target Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 9 mos Maintained store visuals as well as inventory management for company merchandise.Provided quality customer service for up to 20 guests daily, regarding general questions and product inquiries.Showed flexibility by assisting as a backup cashier.Assigned increasing responsibilities and given responsibilities over multiple departments. Education University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Degree Name Master's of Science Field Of Study Accountancy, Tax Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Graduated with Honors December 16, 2011 University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, PPA, Dean's List Spring 2008 - Spring 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Kristin’s colleagues at Wayne Enterprises Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by Daniel Anthony, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 5 endorsements for Access 5 Access Thomas Schultea, M.S. Accy and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CoogCareers 4,231 members EY 1,748,760 followers Wayne Enterprises 811 followers University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business 19,567 followers Beta Alpha Psi Alumni - Bauer College of Business 158 members UH - University of Houston 6,287 members See all See all following
More Actions Baljeet Singh has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Baljeet Singh CPA (US), CA (India) Extensively experienced CPA in US corporate tax planning, compliance, multistate filings with international reporting Chugh, LLP American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail With over 16 years of overall professional career, Baljeet Singh is extensively experienced in US corporate, partnership and individual tax planning, tax compliance including multistate tax returns filings with international reporting. Mr. Singh also has experience in audit, review, compilation, financials statements preparation and analysis. Prior to current firm, Mr. Singh gained experience of working in a Public Accounting Firm for many years and headed accounts and finance in an e-commerce company in New Delhi, India. Baljeet Singh is a graduate with major in Accounting from University of Delhi, India and Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He is a Certified Public Accountant from the State of California and New Jersey. Our Firm's Practice Areas:  Consultation on Choice of Business Entity and Business Formation  Business & Individual Tax Planning & Tax Filing including Complex Multistate Filings  Audit Representation before IRS and other Government Agencies  Foreign Income Reporting including Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program (OVDP)  CFO Services  Audit, Review and Compilation  Bookkeeping  Consulting Services including Business Plans, Business Valuation, and 409A Valuations MEMBERSHIPS  New Jersey Society of CPA's,  Sikh American Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey.  Asian Indian Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey.  The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Fellow Member See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Chugh, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Head, Finance & Accounts Company Name Steel RX Corporation (A subsidiary of Gujrat NRE Coke Ltd.) Dates Employed Dec 2001 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Manager Audit & Accounts Company Name RNCO, Chartered Accountants Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Dec 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Worked as Manager (Audit & Accounts) Internship Company Name RNCO, Chartered Accountants Dates Employed Sep 1997 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location India Education American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Degree Name CPA Grade 90% Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name FCA(Fellow Chartered Accountant) Field Of Study Taxation, Financial Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India University of Delhi Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce Field Of Study Accounting, Tax, Audit, Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 212 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by CA Rahul Gupta and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Baljeet Singh’s colleagues at Chugh, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 184 endorsements for Auditing 99+ Auditing Endorsed by Amit Goel and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Baljeet Singh’s colleagues at Chugh, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 173 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Syed Afsar Ali Javeed and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Baljeet Singh’s colleagues at Chugh, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Priyanka Sen Business Head at EZ Ranking IT Services Pvt. Ltd. June 3, 2010, Priyanka worked with Baljeet Singh in different groups I had worked with Baljeet at Steelrx and must stay he is a person with great values and Perseverance.He believes in doing the best in whatever he does.It was a pleasure working with him and i am confident that he can be an asset to any organisation.My best wishes to him for his future endeavors.Priyanka Amit Goel AVP Genpact May 31, 2010, Baljeet Singh worked with Amit in the same group “Baljeet is master of numbers and very good in Analytics. He is very dedicated and hard working professional and can be a good asset for any company. Wish him all the best for future.” Jagmohan Singh Partner at JDA & Company September 12, 2012, Baljeet Singh worked with Jagmohan but at different companies Jagmohan is a visionary with high professional integrity and leadership skills. The technical knowledge and expertise he possess is commendable. He is very enthusiastic, sincere and result oriented professional who believes in giving incomparable outcomes. He owns an amazing skill to bring about transformation that he has demonstrated over the years. He is someone who could actually make a difference. As a person he is a pleasing personality, great human being and an absolute delight to be connected to. I wish him all the best and God speed for future endeavors! Amit Goel AVP Genpact June 9, 2011, Amit worked with Baljeet Singh in the same group Amit Goel has got such a strong eye for finding any irregularity in the financials. He reminds me of various significant findings by him during audit/investigations which directly got client's Management attention and made them to make some important decisions. Above all he is a nice person and colleague to work with. All the very best in whatever he does!! Accomplishments Baljeet Singh has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Sikh American Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey, USA The Indus Enterpreneur, DC, NJ-Philli Asian Indian Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey, USA Baljeet Singh has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Hindi Punjabi Interests Hexaware Technologies 62,176 followers Hersha Hospitality 760 followers ITC Infotech 68,698 followers Birlasoft 36,716 followers Vembu Technologies 5,015 followers EisnerAmper 10,693 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Morrison Senior Audit Associate at CohnReznick LLP CohnReznick LLP Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech) Washington D.C. Metro Area 98 98 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Audit Associate Company Name CohnReznick LLP Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Plan and manage teams on audits of companies in various industries including technology, life sciences, hospitality, government contracting, and manufacturing. Staff Accountant Company Name Renner and Company, CPA, P.C. Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Alexandria, Virginia Experience in auditing, accounting services, and tax preparation Junior Accountant Company Name Juniata Tax and Accounting Services Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Prepared Federal, State, and Local tax returns for individuals, corporations and partnershipsProcessed client payroll, quarterly payroll tax returns and year-end payrollCreated monthly client write-up using QuickBooks softwareAcquired skills in business management and accounting practices Education Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech) Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Information Systems; Audit option Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Master of Accounting and Information Systems Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Austin White-Gaynor and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 3 Microsoft Excel Matthew W. Smith and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Office 3 Microsoft Office Matthew O'Donnell and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Virginia Tech 200,571 followers Renner and Company CPA, PC 73 followers Career Explorer 63,214 members Virginia Tech 195,217 followers
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Cunningham 1 Tregassick Accounting The Manchester Metropolitan University Truro, United Kingdom 51 51 connections Send InMail I have retired and will be working on a voluntary basis only from now onwards. Highlights Experience Director - Lead Consultant Company Name Tregassick Accounting Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Cornwall We provided high quality professional bookkeeping and accounting services to SMEs and Not for Profit organisations.Our low overheads enabled us to deliver excellent value for money to our clients. Finance Manager- Cornwall Children's Fund Company Name Action for Children Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Cornwall Children's Fund was a grant funded programme of services focussed on children at risk of exclusion. The fund had an annual budget of between £2-£3 million per annum and employed approximately 40 staff.I was responsible for all of the financial aspects of the programme including : Setting up systems and proceduresSupervising the finance and administration teamProcessing and recording all financial transactionsManagement AccountingReporting to the Partnership Board and the Funding BodyAnnual financial statements and sign off by external auditors. Senior Accountant Company Name Hertfordshire County Council Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Senior Accountant - providing accounting services to Highways Partnership and a number of Corporate Departments. Supervised two accounting technicians and a trainee accountant. Finance Manager Company Name Thames Water Dates Employed Apr 1985 – Mar 1999 Employment Duration 14 yrs Managed a number of management accounting teams serving several operating divisions within the utility business. The teams included professionally qualified accountants, accounting technicians and trainees.The operating divisions had budgets of between £100 million and £200 million and employed between 1500 and 2000 staff. Education The Manchester Metropolitan University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Social Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1971 Wolverhampton Municipal Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1960 – 1967 Volunteer Experience Treasurer and Trustee Company Name Cornwall Dyslexia Association Dates volunteered Apr 2003 – Apr 2003 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Cornwall Dyslexia Association provides help and guidance for people with Dyslexia and associated conditions.During my time as treasurer, we bid for and were successful in winning grant funding of about £300 thousand to provide a Drop In Centre and an Outreach Project. Featured Skills & Endorsements Bookkeeping See 4 endorsements for Bookkeeping 4 Bookkeeping Steve Purchase - mprc Web Services and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management Accounting See 4 endorsements for Management Accounting 4 Management Accounting Andreia Liliana Lopes and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Lewis Marshall and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Peter has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Financial Modelling Peter has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CIMA Interests Cornwall Business Networking Group 3,515 members Bookkeepers Club 77,575 members The Manchester Metropolitan University 121,517 followers The Manchester Metropolitan University 114,687 followers Chartered Institute of Management Accountants - CIMA 63,622 members CIMA 53,089 followers See all See all following
More Actions henshel has a account henshel (Majesu) oruga Tax Accountant at Saipem Saipem Nigeria 27 27 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Saipem Featured Skills & Endorsements Energy Energy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills EPC EPC No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Safety Management Systems Safety Management Systems No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,987 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,960,999 followers Zenith Bank Plc 33,233 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,756 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,868,221 followers Saipem 450,682 followers
More Actions Irina has a account Irina Kogan Senior Tax Accountant at Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton LLP City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Greater New York City Area 214 214 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs • Work directly with clients and auditors to gather and maintain tax information. Review client information for accuracy.• Coordinate and partner with various accounting groups/departments to obtain necessary information and complete various projects related to the engagement. Supervise 1st and 2nd year staff.• Conduct research of various tax issues related to business transactions for various entities’ structures and their affiliates.• Assist with the tax provision process by calculating book/tax differences and assist in compiling ASC 740 memos. • Work with SFTS department to complete Tangible Property Regulations study for one of the corporations.• Prepare/review foreign forms, i.e., form 1042, 8804/8805 and 5471/5472. Assist international team in FATCA compliance. • Respond to various IRS and state notices.• Review/prepare federal and state partnership, corporate and individual tax returns, extensions and quarterly estimated tax calculations. Manage tax accounts and maintain regular tax payments of the clients. Staff Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Mutual Fund Accountant Company Name The Reserve Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos • Reviewed and analyzed transactions related to dividends, interest, corporate actions, fund purchases and sales using DST and PAS.• Prepared daily cash and asset reconciliations. Prepared financial statements, including annual and semi-annual reports. • Prepared Quarterly NQ reports. Prepared monthly capital stock reports. Evaluated pricing mark to market pricing (2a-7 testing). Education City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting, Economics, Taxation Activities and Societies: Fiance and Economics Society Golden Key International Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Baruch College 114,188 followers Grant Thornton LLP 144,456 followers State Tax Professionals 3,894 members Baruch College 118,644 followers
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Leach Staff Accountant at Benderson Development Benderson Development SUNY Fredonia Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 229 229 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name Benderson Development Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Operations Specialist II Company Name First Niagara Bank Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Amherst, New York -Provide payoff quotes for mortgages, installment loans and consumer lines of credit products.-Process payoff transactions for mortgage, installment loans and consumer lines of credit products which includes releases, discharges, and sending out payoff letters.-Perform a variety of daily customer service activities including late charge waiving, ATA exception and kickouts, NSF payoff checks, billing record changes and adjustments.-Handle internal and external phone calls related to residential and consumer loan products and functions, and using research and problem solving abilities to obtain the correct answers. Licensed Real Estate Salesperson Company Name HUNT Real Estate ERA Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Hamburg, New York Inventory Control Analyst Company Name Dee Dee Desserts Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Administrative Assistant Company Name Chautauqua Opportunities Inc Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Responsible for examining internal controls and creating protocols to help improve security and efficiency of business operations. See more positions Education SUNY Fredonia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Public Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2015 I worked full time while I was in school! Willam Esper Studio Degree Name Summer Intensive Field Of Study Acting (Meisner) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Studied Acting Volunteer Experience Inventory Control Company Name Vision Walk Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Inventory Control Company Name Vision Walk Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Preparer Company Name VITA Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Poverty Alleviation Prepared Individual Tax Returns See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Jeffrey Heras and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 7 endorsements for Public Speaking 7 Public Speaking Jeffrey Heras and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Jeffrey Heras and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Knights of Columbus Interests Esko 220,414 followers Cathy EngelbertCathy Engelbert is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Deloitte 19,064 followers Fredonia Alumni Group 5,038 members Mark WeinbergerMark Weinberger is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman & CEO, EY 304,563 followers Next Models 480 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,251,064 followers See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a account Larry Baumann Principal at M36 Advisor Services, LLC M36 Advisor Services, LLC University of Iowa Greater St. Louis Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial advisor with 27 years as a middle and senior level executive with wide-ranging experience in leading all facets of financial accounting, business planning and operations management for a global leader in the beverage industry. Advises new companies on finance, accounting, internal control, operations management, and integration, alignment and improvement of processes that help companies meet their strategic goals. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Larry’s Activity 638 followers How Technology Can Create Company Culture with Employee Buy-in Larry liked Special Report: The rise of passive investing Larry liked When You Cultivate the Right Culture, Your Organization Blossoms Larry liked Apple announced the future this week, and you probably didn't even notice Larry liked See all activity Experience Principal Company Name M36 Advisor Services, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area Advises new companies on finance, planning & budgeting, accounting, internal control, operations management, and integration, alignment and improvement of processes that help companies meet their strategic goals. Vice President & Controller for North America Zone Company Name Anheuser-Busch InBev Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater St. Louis Area - Provided leadership and direction for all accounting, internal control, and financial reporting activities; and continuously improving processes and supporting long-term growth strategies.- Integrated and aligned the financial reporting and internal control processes for the U.S. within InBev following the merger of Anheuser-Busch and InBev in 2008. Vice President - Finance for Anheuser-Busch International, Inc. Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area International subsidiary for Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc.Operations and businesses - Canada, Mexico, Argentina, U.K., Ireland, China, India, Japan. VP-Finance & Operations for Budweiser Japan Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tokyo, Japan - Responsible for Finance, Information Systems, Human Resources, Legal, and Logistics. Director of Finance for Budweiser Japan Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed 1993 – 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tokyo, Japan - Launched a new division with a new Japan joint venture and started up the Finance and Information Systems departments. See more positions Education University of Iowa Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Illinois State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Gateway Venture Mentoring Service (GVMS) Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment GVMS is an entrepreneur support organization (ESO) whose primary goal is to facilitate a successful environment for entrepreneurship in the Greater St. Louis region. Preliminary Judge, Start-up Competition Company Name St. Louis Arch Grants Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment The Arch Grants Global Start-up Competition helps to shape the image of St. Louis among aspiring entrepreneurs and others looking to have a formative role in building a new entrepreneurial climate in St. Louis. Audit & Budget Committee member Company Name The Pelican Bay Foundation (Naples, FL) Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Economic Empowerment See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Cost Accounting See 37 endorsements for Cost Accounting 37 Cost Accounting Endorsed by Jon M. Hild, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 31 endorsements for Finance 31 Finance Endorsed by 9 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 31 endorsements for Forecasting 31 Forecasting Endorsed by Bill Wild and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Larry has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Management Accountant (CMA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Larry has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Institute of CPA's (AICPA) Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) Larry has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Illinois State University 123,402 followers Anheuser-Busch InBev 190,636 followers Bonfyre App 677 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,734 members CIO Magazine 23,452 followers University of Iowa 152,356 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a account Philip Abraham, CPA Tax Manager at RSM RSM US LLP Northern Illinois University - College of Business Greater Chicago Area 475 475 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Tax Senior Company Name Plante Moran Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Itasca, IL In-Charge Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Itasca, IL See more positions Education Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Koh Fujimoto (藤本光） and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at CDH Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by Joseph Machara and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Philip’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Endorsed by Koh Fujimoto (藤本光） and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at CDH Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Plante Moran 3,337 members CDH 693 followers Northern Illinois University - College of Business 10,112 members Northern Illinois University Alumni 15,902 members RSM US LLP 67,112 followers Northern Illinois University 150,330 followers See all See all following
More Actions henshel has a account henshel (Majesu) oruga Tax Accountant at Saipem Saipem Nigeria 27 27 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Saipem Featured Skills & Endorsements Energy Energy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills EPC EPC No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Safety Management Systems Safety Management Systems No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,868,225 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,759 followers Saipem 450,682 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,961,008 followers Zenith Bank Plc 33,233 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,457,991 followers
More Actions Irina has a account Irina Kogan Senior Tax Accountant at Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton LLP City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Greater New York City Area 214 214 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs • Work directly with clients and auditors to gather and maintain tax information. Review client information for accuracy.• Coordinate and partner with various accounting groups/departments to obtain necessary information and complete various projects related to the engagement. Supervise 1st and 2nd year staff.• Conduct research of various tax issues related to business transactions for various entities’ structures and their affiliates.• Assist with the tax provision process by calculating book/tax differences and assist in compiling ASC 740 memos. • Work with SFTS department to complete Tangible Property Regulations study for one of the corporations.• Prepare/review foreign forms, i.e., form 1042, 8804/8805 and 5471/5472. Assist international team in FATCA compliance. • Respond to various IRS and state notices.• Review/prepare federal and state partnership, corporate and individual tax returns, extensions and quarterly estimated tax calculations. Manage tax accounts and maintain regular tax payments of the clients. Staff Accountant Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Mutual Fund Accountant Company Name The Reserve Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos • Reviewed and analyzed transactions related to dividends, interest, corporate actions, fund purchases and sales using DST and PAS.• Prepared daily cash and asset reconciliations. Prepared financial statements, including annual and semi-annual reports. • Prepared Quarterly NQ reports. Prepared monthly capital stock reports. Evaluated pricing mark to market pricing (2a-7 testing). Education City University of New York-Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting, Economics, Taxation Activities and Societies: Fiance and Economics Society Golden Key International Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests State Tax Professionals 3,894 members Grant Thornton LLP 144,456 followers Baruch College 118,644 followers Baruch College 114,189 followers
More Actions Davidson has a account Davidson LeVasseur Senior Tax Analyst at Dycom Industries, Inc. Dycom Industries, Inc. Nova Southeastern University West Palm Beach, Florida Area 445 445 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Federal, state and city income tax returns, ASC 740 (FAS109) Income tax provision, extensions, apportionment, tax credits, Federal and State refunds, SOX compliance and tax research. month-end close, financial statements, balance sheet, account analysis and reconciliation, general journal entries, accruals, variance analysis, receivable and bad debt exposure analysis, accounts payable, accounts receivable, sales tax, budgeting, complex account analysis and reconciliation, general ledger, treasury, inventory management Microsoft office, Smartsheet, Essbase, Oracle, Accpac, Great Plain Dynamics, People Soft, Peachtree, QuickBooks, OneSource, Tax Stream, Superforms. Taxwise, TaxAct See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Dycom Industries, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Palm Beach Gardens, Florida Prepared federal and multi-state income tax returns for various subsidiariesReconciled and analyzed tax accounts for management decisionsPrepared quarterly federal and state tax provision worksheets under ASC 740 (FAS109) guidelines Contacted federal and state authorities as necessary to resolve tax issuesPrepared apportionment worksheets, estimated tax payments, extensions calculationsPerformed tax research as needed and handled several projects as requiredPrepared SOX documents and ensure procedures are routinely followed Accounting and Tax Consultant Company Name Self-Employed (Accounting & Tax Consultant) Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Various Consulting Firms Ascendo Resources – Assignments at GEO Group & Subsidiaries, Boca Raton, FLPrepared tax provision worksheets and supporting details for GEO Group and its subsidiaries Reconciled and updated various tax accounts (Deferred tax assets, state credits, NOL and Valuation Allowance)Contacted various state government authorities to resolve tax issuesPrepared state and cities tax extension worksheets and supporting documentsHandled various small projects as assigned by managers Robert Half Int’l – Assignments at Tropical Shipping USA, LLC in Riviera Beach, FLReconciled and updated all tax accounts on a monthly basis Utilized various PeopleSoft reports to prepare tax account analysis Prepared monthly federal, state and International tax provision and recorded the resulting journal entriesPrepared monthly sales and use tax for the Florida self-assessed entities, GST/HST and QST for the Canadian entities, Value-added Tax and Gross Receipt Tax for various international subsidiaries DGKN Corporation – Assignments at Next Era Energy in Jupiter, FLCalculated depreciation, amortization and depletion for the company’s different oil and drilling joint ventures and completed appropriate schedules for the 2013 federal and state tax returnsStephen James & Associates - Assignments at Mednax in Sunrise, FLPrepared federal and state tax returns for Mednax and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended 12/31/2012 Tax Accountant Company Name G4S Secure Solutions (USA) Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Jupiter Prepared federal and multi-state income tax returns for the company and its subsidiariesReconciled and analyzed all tax accounts for management decisionsPrepared quarterly federal tax provision under ASC 740 (FAS109) guidelines and related tax accounting entries.Prepared state apportionment, estimated tax payment and extension tax returnPerformed tax research as needed and handled several projects as requiredContacted federal and state authorities as necessary to resolve tax issues Student Company Name NSU Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs ACTP 5711 Internet TechnologyACT 5713 Accounting Theory ACT 5725 Financial Statement AnalysisACT 5742 Business Environment and Concepts ReviewACT 5743 Auditing CPA Review ACT 5744 Regulation CPA Review ACT 5753 Fund Accounting ACT 5717 Forensic AccountingACT 5733 Advanced Managerial Accounting IACT 5736 Internal and Operational AuditingACT 5756 International AccountingACT 5781 Business Law IACT 5782 Business Law IITXX 5761 Taxation of IndividualsTXX 5762 Taxation of Corporations and PartnershipsTXX 5763 Taxation of Estates, Trusts, and GiftsTXX 5767 IRS Practice and ProcedureTXX 5768 Real Estate TaxationTXX 5771 Taxation of Limited Liability Companies and Sub S Corporations Tax Accountant Company Name OFFICE DEPOT, INC Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Prepared federal and multi-state income tax returns for Office Depot, its subsidiaries and its non-profit organization (Office Depot foundation, Inc.)Reconciled all tax accounts and tracked federal and state tax refundsPrepared quarterly federal tax provision under ASC 740 (FAS109) guidelines and related tax accounting entriesPrepared state apportionment, estimated tax payment and extension tax returnCreated journal entries and ran reports using PeopleSoft and Oracle for different account analysisPrepared monthly tax accounts analysis and ensured SOX procedures are routinely followedAssisted with the general ledger conversion from Peoplesoft to OraclePerformed tax research as needed and handled several projects as requiredContacted federal and state authorities as necessary to resolve tax issues See more positions Education Nova Southeastern University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Florida International University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements General Ledger See 28 endorsements for General Ledger 28 General Ledger Endorsed by Mike (Michelet) Moise, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Davidson’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 27 endorsements for Accounting 27 Accounting Endorsed by Mike (Michelet) Moise, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Davidson’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 26 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 26 Account Reconciliation Endorsed by 4 of Davidson’s colleagues at Office Depot Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Tracie Anke Sr. Tax Accountant at Office Depot November 10, 2009, Tracie was senior to Davidson but didn’t manage directly Davidson is a hard working individual who would be a valuable addition to your tax department. Andrew Wilkinson Senior Tax Analyst at Johnson Controls November 9, 2009, Andrew was senior to Davidson but didn’t manage directly Davidson was a pleasure to work with and an employee who never complained about completing the current tasks at hand. The work schedule often entailed multi-tasking several projects at any time, including long hours. He's a dedicated employee who always puts 100 + % into what he's doing. In an environment where deadlines are crucial you could always count on him to complete the task. He is also very proficient at generating custom reports as well as learning new software. He's a pleasant individual who's always available to help others. I would highly recommend him and he would definitely contribute to the success of any department. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Davidson has 32 courses 32 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Advanced Accounting Advanced Managerial Accounting App Qnt Method-Business Appld Accounting Concept Applied Macroeconomics Auditing Auditing . Business Environment & Concepts Business In Society Davidson has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Interests Nova Southeastern University 96,797 followers L.K. Jordan & Associates 4,888 followers Universal Accounting 5,775 followers The National Society of Compliance Professionals, Inc. 5,478 members Successful QuickBooks Consultants QBO QB Power Hour Cloud Connect Accountant CPA Bookkeeping Online 188,070 members Accountant-Lawyer Alliance (ALA) 95,277 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Leach Staff Accountant at Benderson Development Benderson Development SUNY Fredonia Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 229 229 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name Benderson Development Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Operations Specialist II Company Name First Niagara Bank Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Amherst, New York -Provide payoff quotes for mortgages, installment loans and consumer lines of credit products.-Process payoff transactions for mortgage, installment loans and consumer lines of credit products which includes releases, discharges, and sending out payoff letters.-Perform a variety of daily customer service activities including late charge waiving, ATA exception and kickouts, NSF payoff checks, billing record changes and adjustments.-Handle internal and external phone calls related to residential and consumer loan products and functions, and using research and problem solving abilities to obtain the correct answers. Licensed Real Estate Salesperson Company Name HUNT Real Estate ERA Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Hamburg, New York Inventory Control Analyst Company Name Dee Dee Desserts Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Administrative Assistant Company Name Chautauqua Opportunities Inc Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Responsible for examining internal controls and creating protocols to help improve security and efficiency of business operations. See more positions Education SUNY Fredonia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Public Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2015 I worked full time while I was in school! Willam Esper Studio Degree Name Summer Intensive Field Of Study Acting (Meisner) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Studied Acting Volunteer Experience Inventory Control Company Name Vision Walk Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Inventory Control Company Name Vision Walk Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Preparer Company Name VITA Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Poverty Alleviation Prepared Individual Tax Returns See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Jeffrey Heras and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 7 endorsements for Public Speaking 7 Public Speaking Jeffrey Heras and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Jeffrey Heras and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Knights of Columbus Interests Lippes Mathias Wexler Friedman LLP 379 followers Cindy FornelliCindy Fornelli is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Center for Audit Quality 380,657 followers GUESS?, Inc. 76,254 followers Esko 220,414 followers State University of New York at Fredonia 35,377 followers Mark WeinbergerMark Weinberger is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman & CEO, EY 304,563 followers See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a account Larry Baumann Principal at M36 Advisor Services, LLC M36 Advisor Services, LLC University of Iowa Greater St. Louis Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial advisor with 27 years as a middle and senior level executive with wide-ranging experience in leading all facets of financial accounting, business planning and operations management for a global leader in the beverage industry. Advises new companies on finance, accounting, internal control, operations management, and integration, alignment and improvement of processes that help companies meet their strategic goals. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Larry’s Activity 638 followers How Technology Can Create Company Culture with Employee Buy-in Larry liked Special Report: The rise of passive investing Larry liked When You Cultivate the Right Culture, Your Organization Blossoms Larry liked Apple announced the future this week, and you probably didn't even notice Larry liked See all activity Experience Principal Company Name M36 Advisor Services, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area Advises new companies on finance, planning & budgeting, accounting, internal control, operations management, and integration, alignment and improvement of processes that help companies meet their strategic goals. Vice President & Controller for North America Zone Company Name Anheuser-Busch InBev Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater St. Louis Area - Provided leadership and direction for all accounting, internal control, and financial reporting activities; and continuously improving processes and supporting long-term growth strategies.- Integrated and aligned the financial reporting and internal control processes for the U.S. within InBev following the merger of Anheuser-Busch and InBev in 2008. Vice President - Finance for Anheuser-Busch International, Inc. Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area International subsidiary for Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc.Operations and businesses - Canada, Mexico, Argentina, U.K., Ireland, China, India, Japan. VP-Finance & Operations for Budweiser Japan Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tokyo, Japan - Responsible for Finance, Information Systems, Human Resources, Legal, and Logistics. Director of Finance for Budweiser Japan Company Name Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Dates Employed 1993 – 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Tokyo, Japan - Launched a new division with a new Japan joint venture and started up the Finance and Information Systems departments. See more positions Education University of Iowa Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Illinois State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Gateway Venture Mentoring Service (GVMS) Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment GVMS is an entrepreneur support organization (ESO) whose primary goal is to facilitate a successful environment for entrepreneurship in the Greater St. Louis region. Preliminary Judge, Start-up Competition Company Name St. Louis Arch Grants Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment The Arch Grants Global Start-up Competition helps to shape the image of St. Louis among aspiring entrepreneurs and others looking to have a formative role in building a new entrepreneurial climate in St. Louis. Audit & Budget Committee member Company Name The Pelican Bay Foundation (Naples, FL) Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Economic Empowerment See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Cost Accounting See 37 endorsements for Cost Accounting 37 Cost Accounting Endorsed by Jon M. Hild, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 31 endorsements for Finance 31 Finance Endorsed by 9 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 31 endorsements for Forecasting 31 Forecasting Endorsed by Bill Wild and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Larry’s colleagues at Anheuser-Busch InBev Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Larry has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Management Accountant (CMA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Larry has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Institute of CPA's (AICPA) Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) Larry has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Business Insider 2,761,877 followers New Relic, Inc. 26,367 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,734 members Illinois State University 126,799 followers TED Conferences 5,516,551 followers University of Iowa 157,292 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a account Philip Abraham, CPA Tax Manager at RSM RSM US LLP Northern Illinois University - College of Business Greater Chicago Area 475 475 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Tax Senior Company Name Plante Moran Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Itasca, IL In-Charge Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Staff Accountant Company Name Corbett, Duncan & Hubly, P.C. Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Itasca, IL See more positions Education Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 20 endorsements for Accounting 20 Accounting Endorsed by Koh Fujimoto (藤本光） and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at CDH Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by Joseph Machara and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Philip’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Endorsed by Koh Fujimoto (藤本光） and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at CDH Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Northern Illinois University 153,044 followers Northern Illinois University 150,330 followers Northern Illinois University - College of Business 10,112 members Northern Illinois University Alumni 15,902 members RSM US LLP 67,112 followers CDH 693 followers See all See all following
More Actions Felix has a account Felix Bayoneta Tax Reviewer and CPA Candidate at Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Gaytan & Leevan, LLP California State University-Northridge Los Angeles, California 111 111 connections Send InMail A high-energy, driven, savvy individual with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, a passing score on the Regulation section of the CPA Exam, a current California CPA Candidate, over 1,500 hours of tax review logged, and over 9 years of Fortune 500 auditing, accounting, account management, and banking employee management experience. An asset to any organization with a highly versatile business acumen and a proven success record in multiple facets of business, strengths include: exceptional interpersonal, communication, and problem-solving skills, proven ability to thrive while leading and managing others under tight deadlines and tall goals in a competitive environment, stellar business analysis and researching skills, and capable of building, maintaining, and working with strong teams. Specialties: High proficiency in Microsoft Office applications including Excel (Pivot Tables, VLookUp, Formulas, and Functions), Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word. Strong proficiency with Lacerte, Pro Systems Tax, ATX Tax Preparation Software, and Intuit Quick Books Premier. Working knowledge of Caseware, Microsoft Access (Business Objects), Bloomberg, COIN, Click-2-Staff scheduling software, AS 400, and Lotus Smart Suite. Sound knowledge of US GAAP, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and Sarbanes-Oxley. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Reviewer Company Name Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location West Los Angeles, CA • Extensively review high-level individual and business tax returns prepared by staff for accuracy and IRS compliance.• Interview, coach, and train staff on first-year business assets and their proper tax treatment.• Ensure flow-through business entities are accurately reflected in their respective individual tax returns.• Determine material participation in first year businesses and meticulously apply passive and active losses to tax returns.• Fervently analyze capital gains and losses and ensure they are given the appropriate long-term or short-term tax treatment.• Expeditiously confirm Affordable Care Act penalties and respond to IRS, State agency, and client inquiries. Tax Accountant Company Name Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location West Los Angeles, CA · Performed quality and impeccably accurate federal and multi-state tax returns (including CA, HI, TX Franchise, OH, PA, IL Property, NY State, & NY City) while utilizing effective tax mitigation strategies for Individual (1040) start-up E-Commerce and Real Estate Partnerships (1065), Single-Member LLC's (1040-Schedule C), Multi-Member LLC's (1065), S-Corporations (1120S), C-Corporations (1120), and Trusts (1041).· Established the tax foundation for start-up entities through extensive asset analysis and creating effective tax depreciation schedules (Form 4562).· Ensured intangible assets are properly classified, expensed (max $10,000), and amortized over the IRS required 180-month time period.· Thoroughly reconciled federal and state mandated balance sheets of specific high net-worth clients' assets, liabilities, and equity.· Extensively analyzed and accurately reflected proper capital gain treatment on the sale of rental properties and improvements; ensure previously depreciated items are properly recaptured on client's tax returns. · Properly allocated Business Use of Home usage for small businesses; analyzed property tax records for proper building and land allocation.· Engaged in sound tax research utilizing IRS resources to ensure that all tax returns are expediently and effectively filed.· Expeditiously prepared multiple tax returns with special circumstances including 1040NRs (Non-Residents) for Foreign-Owned Corporations, Farm Income and expenses (Schedule F), Military tax returns with combat pay, Day Trader tax returns with voluminous multiple-page stock and derivative transactions (1099-B and Schedule D), Amended returns (1040X) at the federal and state level, and large gambling winnings and losses (W-2G). Seasonal Staff Accountant Company Name Beach Freeman Lim & Cleland, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location El Segundo, CA · Successfully completed over 100 multi-state Individual, Partnership, Limited Liability Company, S-Corporation, and C-Corporation tax returns during the 2012 busy tax season logging in over 700 hours of quality tax analysis.· Meticulously ensured every tax return prepared was in compliance with IRS and AICPA guidelines.· Conducted year-end and year-round bookkeeping using QuickBooks Premier for small to medium-sized businesses.· Accurately created year-end financial statements including company Balance Sheets and Statements of Income.· Performed analytical procedures over balance sheet and income statement accounts to identify unusual financial statement variances; corrected a $150,000 misstatement in inventory during a client’s subsequent period audit. Assistant Manager Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location South Shores San Pedro, CA Successfully managed a high-profile banking center during the large acquisitions of Countrywide Home Loans and Merrill Lynch with an 11-employee team of sales and service professionals while exceeding sales and service goals. Range of duties included:• Directly working with customers to build relationships, uncover and satisfy their needs through the sale of financial products and services. • Spending a majority of time on the sales floor leading from the lobby, greeting customers, directing them to the appropriate areas of the branch and ensuring that the customer's needs are met. • Ensuring the audit/compliance procedures of the center are followed, while maintaining the highest level of customer service. • Establishing the staffing schedule for the branch and assisting with teller recruiting and performance management activities. • Supervising and coaching teams on the proper behaviors, sales techniques, service expectations and compliance guidelines. • Ensuring completion of regulatory compliance and training specific to sales and service responsibilities for associates. • Managing difficult situations with customers and providing clients with information, data and advice. Account Development Company Name T-Mobile Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Culver City, CA The Account Development Representative (ADR) drives sales productivity and customer satisfaction within the T-Mobile Retail Partners Sales (RPS) channel. The position provides daily support, training, and side-by-side selling to all RPS accounts, strengthening the T-Mobile Brand, Product, and Service offerings. It plays a critical role in building preference through relationships and T-Mobile merchandising standards. The ADR is accountable to provide effective training to ensure that T-Mobile retailers are very knowledgeable of all products and services. The position is expected to achieve sales objectives and increase customer satisfaction.ADR's are challenged to:• Conduct daily site visits to Retail Partner Sales locations providing sales support and training.• Conduct side-by-side selling and coaching on delivering effective customer service.• Deliver and replenish merchandise materials ensuring proper product placement, maintenance, and brand compliance.• Develop positive business relationships with assigned T-Mobile partners. Serve as a point of contact for questions or problems including individual customer issues.• Provide ongoing T-Mobile product and service training. • Organize and execute sales events.• Participate in weekly sales meeting providing competitive updates, sales and metric performance, and weekly achievements. Participate in and complete required Sales and Mobility training.• Time and activity management for daily schedule.• Manage expenses for events and business purposes.• Resolve customer service issues.• Prioritize activities and store visits to maximize sales productivity. See more positions Education California State University-Northridge Degree Name Bachelor's of Science Field Of Study Business Administration: Business Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Dean's List 1998-1999 Van Nuys Self-Help Legal Access Center 2001 - 2002 Attended Santa Monica College from 2009-2010 to complete 16 additional Accounting units and gain CPA Candidacy. Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name City Year Los Angeles Dates volunteered May 2007 – May 2007 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children In conjunction with T-Mobile, Huddle-Up, and City Year I was honored to have the privilege of helping beautify an inner-city school through art, mentorship, and teamwork. I came in to the school looking to teach under-priveledged elementary school children about the benefits of higher education; little did I know that their kindness and spirit would teach me more about life than any text-book or classroom. Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 9 endorsements for QuickBooks 9 QuickBooks Endorsed by 3 of Felix’s colleagues at T-Mobile Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Felix’s colleagues at T-Mobile Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 4 endorsements for Tax Preparation 4 Tax Preparation Michael Miller, CPA, EA and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Cesar R. Jimenez Co-Founder and Developer at Untold Studio April 27, 2012, Felix worked with Cesar R. in the same group Felix is a detail oriented individual whose savvyness and independance makes him a serious and reliable team player whose always up and ready to get the job done. It was a pleasure to have him on our team and an asset during hectic busy tax season. Trisha Cooper-McClain Business Channel Regional Director at Samsung Electronics America March 30, 2010, Trisha managed Felix directly Felix is a hard worker and thrives to exceed at everything he does. His willingness to go above and beyond the customer expectations makes him stand out. Felix is creative and innovative in building his business and increasing sales with in his territory. Felix was an absolute joy to manage and has absolute potential to lead a team to success. Judy Ow Tax Accountant at Morton Alan Haas & Co August 15, 2013, Judy worked with Felix in the same group Judy is one of the most talented tax professionals I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Her tax knowledge coupled with her incredibly efficient tax research and tax analysis skills are second to none. Being around her has made me and our entire team better tax professionals because of her tremendous patience and willingness to teach. Judy is not just a great tax and accounting professional but a great person. Phong Luu Director, Sales & Operations at Wireless Innovation Network Group, Inc. dba Phonex Communications January 13, 2012, Felix worked with Phong but at different companies Phong's ability to manage with an excellent balance of both results orientation and humility is unsurpassed. I was fortunate to work with such an outstanding leader that was always open to new ideas. Under Phong's leadership and collaborative measures, the accounts I managed under the Wireless Innovation Network Group umbrella were some of the most successful accounts I've had the pleasure to work with. Phong is nothing less than Word-Class. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests T-Mobile 13,475 members CPA & Business Professional Group 79,166 members Gorelick & Uslaner, CPAs 151 followers Toshiba America 1,312 followers Career BridgeBuilders 688 members California State University, Northridge 169,580 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Mortenson Owner/Operator at James Mortenson LLC James Mortenson LLC Boston College Brielle, New Jersey 424 424 connections Send InMail Finance leader with experience in all aspects of financial management, operations and compliance in the legal, technology consulting and public accounting services industries. Management roles included oversight and participation in technology, marketing, facilities, human resources and long-range planning departments and projects. Core competencies include comprehensive financial management, business process improvement and major project management. Seeking opportunities for part time, interim and consulting engagements. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner/Operator Company Name James Mortenson LLC Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Brielle, NJ General accounting and tax consulting part-time practice focused on the needs of small businesses. Prepared tax returns and provided general consulting services. Executive Director Company Name Wolff & Samson PC Dates Employed 2002 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 11 yrs Managed the firm’s daily operations with 8 direct reports, a team of 35 and budget of $20M that included finance, accounting, treasury, technology, marketing, HR, facilities, and records management functions. Led major projects to enhance productivity and savings through upgrading of primary financial and document management applications, state-of-the-art technology controls and disciplines. CFO Company Name Vertek Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsible for all the day to day financial operations and reporting for the company. • As a member of the senior management team, participated in all aspects of company management including long-range planning, marketing and product development.• Planned and implemented the first comprehensive accounting and project management system for this multi-discipline high technology company. • Key participant in the development and packaging of two major products for divestiture and eventual outside private and public financing. Partner Company Name Moore Stephens Dates Employed 1985 – 1998 Employment Duration 13 yrs Performed a variety of tax, accounting, auditing and consulting services for mid-market companies in a variety of industries. Specialty areas included organizational and business process consulting. Created a start-up business focused on business process outsourcing for mid-market companies in the region which continues as a successful business today. Education Boston College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Biology, General Seton Hall University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 24 endorsements for Finance 24 Finance Endorsed by Henry Borchers and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 22 endorsements for Management 22 Management Endorsed by Darrell Wordelmann, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 20 endorsements for Leadership 20 Leadership Henry Borchers and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Steven Wilk Partner at Ciber Global, LLC November 5, 2013, Steven was a client of Jim’s When Jim was the Audit Partner on our account while he was at Moore Stephens we had an incredible ability to understand issues...address issues...and put processes in place to make sure all accounting/business requirements were met. He was one of the few auditors that understands business models the first time. Most of all, he integrity is second to none. In short, he was an Auditor/CPA that understood all business issues relevant to growth. He is the one I would pick to run a company! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jim has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Lewis M Gabbe Foundation CASA of Union County CASA of Union County St Peter's Prep Board of Trustees Union County Psychiatric Clinic Jim has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2009-2010 Special Advocate Volunteer Acknowledgment Extraodinary Commitment Award Jim has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Seton Hall University 60,984 followers Seton Hall University 59,217 followers Boston College 129,703 followers Boston College 134,063 followers Chiesa Shahinian & Giantomasi PC 698 followers
More Actions Dr. Pamela J. has a account Dr. Pamela J. Strickland Associate Dean, Reeves School of Business Methodist University Nova Southeastern University Fayetteville, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Associate Dean, Reeves School of Business Company Name Methodist University Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Fayetteville, NC 28311 Professor of Accounting Company Name Methodist University Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Fayetteville, North Carolina Area Teach undergraduate and graduate classes in accounting from principles to advanced. Student advising, serve on school and University committees, co-adviser for the Eta Sigma Chapter of the Delta Mu Delta International Business Honor Society, and the Accounting Club. Support students and the University by participating in campus events. Director, Professional MBA Program Company Name Methodist University Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Fayetteville, NC The Director is responsible for course scheduling, including suggesting curriculum improvements and new courses. In addition, the Director must recruit new faculty, schedule faculty in coordination with the RSB undergraduate program, and is responsible for ongoing student recruiting efforts including application review, interviews and campus tours. The Director oversees MBA program advertising, interacts with the community, promotes the program on and off campus. The Director develops and reviews MBA program policy and is responsible for maintaining accreditation standards and accreditation reporting. The Director is accountable for the MBA budget, faculty development, and MBA program goals and objectives, Adjunct Professor of Accounting Company Name UNC Pembroke Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location United States At UNC-Pembroke, I was responsible for one Financial Accounting course, but three accounting classrooms. The primary face-to-face class and lecture was held at the UNCP campus video conference room. Simultaneously, two interactive video classes (via live video feed) were being held at the Sandhills and Richmond Community College campuses . This setting called for a unique approach to teaching because although the lecture was live, I had two classes that were not physically present and required different techniques for classwork, quizzes, testing and one on one interaction. This experience expanded my teaching horizons and made me a better professor. CPA, Staff Accountant Company Name Oscar N Harris & Associates Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dunn, NC Prepare individual and corporate tax returns and assist to prepare payroll tax returns. Prepare company financial statements, and complete audits of companies. Work with staff and partners to resolve tax and accounting issues, See more positions Education Nova Southeastern University Degree Name DBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Doctor of Business Administration, concentration in Accounting University of North Carolina at Pembroke Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 55 endorsements for Auditing 55 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Dr. Pamela J.’s colleagues at Methodist University Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 54 endorsements for Financial Statements 54 Financial Statements Endorsed by 2 of Dr. Pamela J.’s colleagues at Methodist University Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 38 endorsements for Tax 38 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Dr. Pamela J.’s colleagues at Methodist University Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lisa M. Whalen The Financial Advisor With A Heart For Service. July 10, 2015, Dr. Pamela J. was Lisa M.’s teacher Over the past several years, I have had the opportunity to work with Lisa in an academic environment that required focus, hard work and diligence. Lisa was a determined and serious student who wanted not only to complete her degree, but also to learn as much as possible about business subjects. She is passionate and dedicated and her experience, knowledge and willingness to learn is a reflection of a "can do" attitude. Accomplishments Dr. Pamela J. has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications The Accounting Court: Some Speculations on Why Not? Local Government Sustainable Development: A Theoretical Paradigm or a Plan for Action? Dr. Pamela J. has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award NC Association of CPA's Educator of the Year Interests RSM US LLP 67,112 followers KPMG US 455,539 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 215,436 followers University of North Carolina at Pembroke 11,248 followers IDA Ireland 60,539 followers Tourism Ireland 15,550 followers See all See all following
More Actions Allison has a account Allison Sanders Senior Analyst - Domestic Income Tax at Layne Christensen Layne Christensen The University of Akron Spring, Texas 183 183 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Analyst - Domestic Income Tax Company Name Layne Christensen Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location The Woodlands, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Carriage Services Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Karlins, Ramey & Tompkins, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location The Woodlands, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Condon & Company, P.C. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Houston, TX Accounting Staff Company Name CBIZ MHM, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Akron, OH Education The University of Akron Degree Name Bachelor's Degree of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Minor in Creative WritingGraduated Cum Laude, GPA 3.63Dean's List 7x Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by Sheri Brown, MPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Allison’s colleagues at Layne Christensen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 7 of Allison’s colleagues at Condon & Company, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 8 endorsements for Tax Research 8 Tax Research Endorsed by 3 of Allison’s colleagues at Condon & Company, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Allison has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Executive Women's Alliance Interests The University of Akron Alumni Association 10,686 members Layne Christensen 11,183 followers The University of Akron 108,775 followers Carriage Services 4,463 followers Better Bookkeepers, Inc. 111 followers Condon & Company, P.C. 175 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Ryan, CPA Finance/Accounting Recruiter at Edward Lewis Associates (212) 319-5400 Edward Lewis Associates Fordham University Greater New York City Area 17 17 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Executive Recruiter with a focus in the Accounting and Financial areas. Industry focus includes: Retail, Consumer Goods, Manufacturing, Financial Services, Hedge Funds, Non-Profit, Public Accounting. I cover the entire tri-state area in addition to Philadelphia, Washington DC and Boston. I may be reached at 212 319-5400, or via email at Mike@EdwardLew.com Company web site is www.EdwardLew.com **Join Our Company Group on Linked In.... Edward Lewis Associates, Thank you Specialties: Working closely with a variety of organizations from small to Fortune 500 in identifying professionals based on their staffing requirements See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Executive Recruiter Company Name Edward Lewis Associates Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY I have been in the Executive Recruiting profession for 5 years placing all levels of Accountng and Financial professionals. My career began as an Accountant/Auditor witha regional CPA firm where I spent a number of years. During my tenure in the staffing industry I have successfully placed hundreds of professionals throughout the NY Tri-State area. My client focus has been highly diverse including Financial Services, Advertising, Publishing, Retail, Health Care, Entertainment, Consumer Products, etc. Our firm Edward Lewis Associates is an executive recruiting firm that is results-oriented, quick, and committed to exceeding client expectations. We deliver exceptional results through contingency and retained searches that feature top candidates, superior industry service, in-depth intelligence and expert industry knowledge. With a focus on Staff through Executive level positions, Edward Lewis offers broad and deep expertise across all Finance and Accounting sectors. We are proud of our proven track record in providing strategic counsel throughout the placement process. Key specializations/practices include: • CFO/VP Finance • Controllers, Accounting Managers, Seniors • Tax, Audit (Private and Public) • Financial/Budget Analysis/Treasury • Accounts Payables, Receivables, Payroll Contact:212-319-5400Mike@Edwardlew.com www.EdwardLew.comLinkedin.com/company/edward-lewis-associatesFollow us on Twitter: EdwardLewis15 Senior Accountant/Auditor Company Name Marcum LLP Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Staff Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Jan 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Education Fordham University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 1 endorsement for Accounting 1 Accounting Eric Brooks, CPA/MBA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Human Resources See 1 endorsement for Human Resources 1 Human Resources Brian Elias, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Retained Search See 1 endorsement for Retained Search 1 Retained Search Brian Elias, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Software & Technology (#1 in Jobs, HR, Managers, Cloud, Mobile, Voice, CRM & Big Data) 2,648,579 members Accounting & Audit 155,095 members Accounting professionals 65,369 members Accounting | Finance | Professionals | World Finance Network 204,707 members The Financial Executives Networking Group - FENG Online 11,110 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,699 members See all See all following
More Actions Rony has a account Rony Haque Senior, Indirect Tax at KPMG Luxembourg KPMG Luxembourg Luxembourg 243 243 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior, Indirect Tax Company Name KPMG Luxembourg Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Tax Accountant, Indirect Tax Company Name KPMG Luxembourg Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Accountant, Fund Accounting Company Name Nomura Luxembourg Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 5 endorsements for Tax Accounting 5 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rony’s colleagues at KPMG Luxembourg Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 3 endorsements for Tax Returns 3 Tax Returns Hon Pan LUK 陸漢斌 and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Hon Pan LUK 陸漢斌 and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rony has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English French German Hindi Rony has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Luxembourg Taxation Interests Indian Business Chamber of Luxembourg 1,018 members KPMG U.S. 19,870 members Belgians in Lux 5,458 members KPMG 31,288 members Barclays 469,404 followers indirect tax forum 7,925 members See all See all following
More Actions Steven C. has a account Steven C. Hamilton II EA Manager at Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC University of Phoenix Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial expert with experience in all aspects of accounting, auditing and financial management. Direct experience with real estate, financial consulting and tax representation. Interested in early-stage startups as well as well established corporations. Specialties: Investments/Stock Options (income, sales, losses), Home ownership, purchase, or sale, Home foreclosure, Real estate rentals or vacation homes, Healthcare expenses, Charitable giving, Loss from disasters or theft (e.g., flood, tornado), Income earned outside the U.S., Retirement income, Military, Small Business, Sole Proprietor, or Self-employed, Not-for-Profit organizations, Help with IRS or State notices/audits, Tax Planning, Non-profits, real estate investment, tax planning, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager Company Name Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Lake Villa Accountant Company Name Hamilton Investment Group Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Lake Villa Accounting and business consulting services President Company Name Ham On The Site Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 11 mos Constructed business focused on providing services managing REO properties. Master Tax Adviser Company Name H&R Block Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Gurnee, IL 60031 Represent taxpayers under audit before the Internal Revenue Service.Prepare tax returns for clients with complex tax returns.Instructor for H&R Block's Tax Training School. Subject Matter Expert: Taxation Company Name Steven C. Hamilton II Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 mo Subject Matter Expert: Taxation.Contract position for the Internal Revenue Service Registered Return Preparer Exam Education University of Phoenix Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Johnson and Wales University Field Of Study Accounting/Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Omega Tau Alpha Fraternity Treasurer, College Ambassador Team Developed accounting and inventory system for the Athletics Department. Carmel Catholic High School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 34 endorsements for Accounting 34 Accounting Endorsed by Gursewak S., CA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Steven C.’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Steven C.’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 16 endorsements for Small Business 16 Small Business RN Business Management and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Amelia Lagowski, CPA Supervisor | Assurance Services at RSM US LLP September 11, 2011, Amelia and Steven C. were students together Steven was always very enthusiastic and compassionate about his studies. He is an individual who is not quickly defeated and strives to produce high quality, accurate work. We were able to learn a great deal from one another in our self-study, advanced accounting course at Carmel Catholic High School together. He has only improved and efficiently utilized his professionalism as well as his understanding of accounting/tax methodology within his work experience since then. Lisa Pedersen Sales/ Marketing Manager at Chimney King August 20, 2010, Lisa was a client of Steven C.’s Steven helped me file a very tricky return and advised me me about my upcoming 2010 tax status based on my 2009 return and recent occurances in my life. He was very affiable and flexible about communicating data to process my tax return. Steven gave me great advise that reached beyond just my return. He connected me with several other services that were FREE and helpful sources of information for my particular perdicument.Steven is a talented accountant who genuinely cares about his clients!Kindest Regards,Lisa PedersenNational Sales & Marketing ManagerChimney King, LLC View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Ruben Meoqui District Manager at InstaLoan October 20, 2012, Steven C. reported directly to Ruben Working for Ruben was one of my best experiences at H&R Block. Ruben is a great DM who listens to those reporting to him. He makes sure to recognize them and make sure their needs in the field are satisfied. Working for Ruben encouraged me to move further in the world of tax. Amelia Lagowski, CPA Supervisor | Assurance Services at RSM US LLP September 10, 2011, Steven C. and Amelia were students together Amelia and I were two of the three students in the school taking the self-study advanced accounting course. For once in a classroom we actually finished an entire textbook before the end of the semester. She is a very hard worker and an excellent student. It was a pleasure working with her. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Tax Executives/Professionals 5,886 members Subject Matter Experts 5,775 members University of Phoenix 786,299 followers Edward Jones 105,334 followers Johnson & Wales University 90,918 followers Abbott 825,484 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eoin has a account Eoin Fallon Tax Accountant Pfizer Chartered Accountants Ireland Ireland 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location dublin I am a member of the Asset Management team in the Financial Services tax department. Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York I am currently a member of the PwC FS (FATCA) Academy, situated in New York and working on a number of FATCA projects. Education Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Final Admitting Exam in November 2010. Irish Taxation Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Part 3 (Final) exams in July 2011. Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business, UCD Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 4 endorsements for Financial Services 4 Financial Services Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University College Dublin 139,177 followers University College Dublin 129,487 followers Macquarie University 115,590 followers Macquarie University 132,898 followers Pfizer 1,531,396 followers Master of Accounting (MAcc) UCD Smurfit School 678 members See all See all following
More Actions Felix has a account Felix Bayoneta Tax Reviewer and CPA Candidate at Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Gaytan & Leevan, LLP California State University-Northridge Los Angeles, California 111 111 connections Send InMail A high-energy, driven, savvy individual with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, a passing score on the Regulation section of the CPA Exam, a current California CPA Candidate, over 1,500 hours of tax review logged, and over 9 years of Fortune 500 auditing, accounting, account management, and banking employee management experience. An asset to any organization with a highly versatile business acumen and a proven success record in multiple facets of business, strengths include: exceptional interpersonal, communication, and problem-solving skills, proven ability to thrive while leading and managing others under tight deadlines and tall goals in a competitive environment, stellar business analysis and researching skills, and capable of building, maintaining, and working with strong teams. Specialties: High proficiency in Microsoft Office applications including Excel (Pivot Tables, VLookUp, Formulas, and Functions), Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word. Strong proficiency with Lacerte, Pro Systems Tax, ATX Tax Preparation Software, and Intuit Quick Books Premier. Working knowledge of Caseware, Microsoft Access (Business Objects), Bloomberg, COIN, Click-2-Staff scheduling software, AS 400, and Lotus Smart Suite. Sound knowledge of US GAAP, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and Sarbanes-Oxley. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Reviewer Company Name Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location West Los Angeles, CA • Extensively review high-level individual and business tax returns prepared by staff for accuracy and IRS compliance.• Interview, coach, and train staff on first-year business assets and their proper tax treatment.• Ensure flow-through business entities are accurately reflected in their respective individual tax returns.• Determine material participation in first year businesses and meticulously apply passive and active losses to tax returns.• Fervently analyze capital gains and losses and ensure they are given the appropriate long-term or short-term tax treatment.• Expeditiously confirm Affordable Care Act penalties and respond to IRS, State agency, and client inquiries. Tax Accountant Company Name Gaytan & Leevan, LLP Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location West Los Angeles, CA · Performed quality and impeccably accurate federal and multi-state tax returns (including CA, HI, TX Franchise, OH, PA, IL Property, NY State, & NY City) while utilizing effective tax mitigation strategies for Individual (1040) start-up E-Commerce and Real Estate Partnerships (1065), Single-Member LLC's (1040-Schedule C), Multi-Member LLC's (1065), S-Corporations (1120S), C-Corporations (1120), and Trusts (1041).· Established the tax foundation for start-up entities through extensive asset analysis and creating effective tax depreciation schedules (Form 4562).· Ensured intangible assets are properly classified, expensed (max $10,000), and amortized over the IRS required 180-month time period.· Thoroughly reconciled federal and state mandated balance sheets of specific high net-worth clients' assets, liabilities, and equity.· Extensively analyzed and accurately reflected proper capital gain treatment on the sale of rental properties and improvements; ensure previously depreciated items are properly recaptured on client's tax returns. · Properly allocated Business Use of Home usage for small businesses; analyzed property tax records for proper building and land allocation.· Engaged in sound tax research utilizing IRS resources to ensure that all tax returns are expediently and effectively filed.· Expeditiously prepared multiple tax returns with special circumstances including 1040NRs (Non-Residents) for Foreign-Owned Corporations, Farm Income and expenses (Schedule F), Military tax returns with combat pay, Day Trader tax returns with voluminous multiple-page stock and derivative transactions (1099-B and Schedule D), Amended returns (1040X) at the federal and state level, and large gambling winnings and losses (W-2G). Seasonal Staff Accountant Company Name Beach Freeman Lim & Cleland, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location El Segundo, CA · Successfully completed over 100 multi-state Individual, Partnership, Limited Liability Company, S-Corporation, and C-Corporation tax returns during the 2012 busy tax season logging in over 700 hours of quality tax analysis.· Meticulously ensured every tax return prepared was in compliance with IRS and AICPA guidelines.· Conducted year-end and year-round bookkeeping using QuickBooks Premier for small to medium-sized businesses.· Accurately created year-end financial statements including company Balance Sheets and Statements of Income.· Performed analytical procedures over balance sheet and income statement accounts to identify unusual financial statement variances; corrected a $150,000 misstatement in inventory during a client’s subsequent period audit. Assistant Manager Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location South Shores San Pedro, CA Successfully managed a high-profile banking center during the large acquisitions of Countrywide Home Loans and Merrill Lynch with an 11-employee team of sales and service professionals while exceeding sales and service goals. Range of duties included:• Directly working with customers to build relationships, uncover and satisfy their needs through the sale of financial products and services. • Spending a majority of time on the sales floor leading from the lobby, greeting customers, directing them to the appropriate areas of the branch and ensuring that the customer's needs are met. • Ensuring the audit/compliance procedures of the center are followed, while maintaining the highest level of customer service. • Establishing the staffing schedule for the branch and assisting with teller recruiting and performance management activities. • Supervising and coaching teams on the proper behaviors, sales techniques, service expectations and compliance guidelines. • Ensuring completion of regulatory compliance and training specific to sales and service responsibilities for associates. • Managing difficult situations with customers and providing clients with information, data and advice. Account Development Company Name T-Mobile Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Culver City, CA The Account Development Representative (ADR) drives sales productivity and customer satisfaction within the T-Mobile Retail Partners Sales (RPS) channel. The position provides daily support, training, and side-by-side selling to all RPS accounts, strengthening the T-Mobile Brand, Product, and Service offerings. It plays a critical role in building preference through relationships and T-Mobile merchandising standards. The ADR is accountable to provide effective training to ensure that T-Mobile retailers are very knowledgeable of all products and services. The position is expected to achieve sales objectives and increase customer satisfaction.ADR's are challenged to:• Conduct daily site visits to Retail Partner Sales locations providing sales support and training.• Conduct side-by-side selling and coaching on delivering effective customer service.• Deliver and replenish merchandise materials ensuring proper product placement, maintenance, and brand compliance.• Develop positive business relationships with assigned T-Mobile partners. Serve as a point of contact for questions or problems including individual customer issues.• Provide ongoing T-Mobile product and service training. • Organize and execute sales events.• Participate in weekly sales meeting providing competitive updates, sales and metric performance, and weekly achievements. Participate in and complete required Sales and Mobility training.• Time and activity management for daily schedule.• Manage expenses for events and business purposes.• Resolve customer service issues.• Prioritize activities and store visits to maximize sales productivity. See more positions Education California State University-Northridge Degree Name Bachelor's of Science Field Of Study Business Administration: Business Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Dean's List 1998-1999 Van Nuys Self-Help Legal Access Center 2001 - 2002 Attended Santa Monica College from 2009-2010 to complete 16 additional Accounting units and gain CPA Candidacy. Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name City Year Los Angeles Dates volunteered May 2007 – May 2007 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children In conjunction with T-Mobile, Huddle-Up, and City Year I was honored to have the privilege of helping beautify an inner-city school through art, mentorship, and teamwork. I came in to the school looking to teach under-priveledged elementary school children about the benefits of higher education; little did I know that their kindness and spirit would teach me more about life than any text-book or classroom. Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 9 endorsements for QuickBooks 9 QuickBooks Endorsed by 3 of Felix’s colleagues at T-Mobile Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Felix’s colleagues at T-Mobile Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 4 endorsements for Tax Preparation 4 Tax Preparation Michael Miller, CPA, EA and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Cesar R. Jimenez Co-Founder and Developer at Untold Studio April 27, 2012, Felix worked with Cesar R. in the same group Felix is a detail oriented individual whose savvyness and independance makes him a serious and reliable team player whose always up and ready to get the job done. It was a pleasure to have him on our team and an asset during hectic busy tax season. Trisha Cooper-McClain Business Channel Regional Director at Samsung Electronics America March 30, 2010, Trisha managed Felix directly Felix is a hard worker and thrives to exceed at everything he does. His willingness to go above and beyond the customer expectations makes him stand out. Felix is creative and innovative in building his business and increasing sales with in his territory. Felix was an absolute joy to manage and has absolute potential to lead a team to success. Judy Ow Tax Accountant at Morton Alan Haas & Co August 15, 2013, Judy worked with Felix in the same group Judy is one of the most talented tax professionals I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Her tax knowledge coupled with her incredibly efficient tax research and tax analysis skills are second to none. Being around her has made me and our entire team better tax professionals because of her tremendous patience and willingness to teach. Judy is not just a great tax and accounting professional but a great person. Phong Luu Director, Sales & Operations at Wireless Innovation Network Group, Inc. dba Phonex Communications January 13, 2012, Felix worked with Phong but at different companies Phong's ability to manage with an excellent balance of both results orientation and humility is unsurpassed. I was fortunate to work with such an outstanding leader that was always open to new ideas. Under Phong's leadership and collaborative measures, the accounts I managed under the Wireless Innovation Network Group umbrella were some of the most successful accounts I've had the pleasure to work with. Phong is nothing less than Word-Class. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Gorelick & Uslaner, CPAs 151 followers CPA Exam Candidate 12,906 members T-Mobile 13,475 members Career BridgeBuilders 688 members California State University, Northridge 169,580 followers California State University, Northridge 177,761 followers See all See all following
More Actions Allison has a account Allison Sanders Senior Analyst - Domestic Income Tax at Layne Christensen Layne Christensen The University of Akron Spring, Texas 183 183 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Analyst - Domestic Income Tax Company Name Layne Christensen Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location The Woodlands, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Carriage Services Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Karlins, Ramey & Tompkins, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location The Woodlands, TX Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Condon & Company, P.C. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Houston, TX Accounting Staff Company Name CBIZ MHM, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Akron, OH Education The University of Akron Degree Name Bachelor's Degree of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Minor in Creative WritingGraduated Cum Laude, GPA 3.63Dean's List 7x Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by Sheri Brown, MPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Allison’s colleagues at Layne Christensen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 7 of Allison’s colleagues at Condon & Company, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 8 endorsements for Tax Research 8 Tax Research Endorsed by 3 of Allison’s colleagues at Condon & Company, P.C. Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Allison has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Executive Women's Alliance Interests Better Bookkeepers, Inc. 111 followers The University of Akron 108,775 followers The University of Akron Alumni Association 10,686 members The University of Akron 105,698 followers Condon & Company, P.C. 175 followers Layne Christensen 11,183 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rony has a account Rony Haque Senior, Indirect Tax at KPMG Luxembourg KPMG Luxembourg Luxembourg 243 243 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior, Indirect Tax Company Name KPMG Luxembourg Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Tax Accountant, Indirect Tax Company Name KPMG Luxembourg Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Accountant, Fund Accounting Company Name Nomura Luxembourg Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 5 endorsements for Tax Accounting 5 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rony’s colleagues at KPMG Luxembourg Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 3 endorsements for Tax Returns 3 Tax Returns Hon Pan LUK 陸漢斌 and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Hon Pan LUK 陸漢斌 and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rony has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English French German Hindi Rony has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Luxembourg Taxation Interests KPMG 31,288 members KPMG Luxembourg 9,244 followers KPMG U.S. 19,870 members indirect tax forum 7,925 members Global Indirect Tax, Customs and Duty Jobs 544 members Square Management 4,526 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven C. has a account Steven C. Hamilton II EA Manager at Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC University of Phoenix Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial expert with experience in all aspects of accounting, auditing and financial management. Direct experience with real estate, financial consulting and tax representation. Interested in early-stage startups as well as well established corporations. Specialties: Investments/Stock Options (income, sales, losses), Home ownership, purchase, or sale, Home foreclosure, Real estate rentals or vacation homes, Healthcare expenses, Charitable giving, Loss from disasters or theft (e.g., flood, tornado), Income earned outside the U.S., Retirement income, Military, Small Business, Sole Proprietor, or Self-employed, Not-for-Profit organizations, Help with IRS or State notices/audits, Tax Planning, Non-profits, real estate investment, tax planning, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager Company Name Hamilton Tax and Accounting LLC Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Lake Villa Accountant Company Name Hamilton Investment Group Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Lake Villa Accounting and business consulting services President Company Name Ham On The Site Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 11 mos Constructed business focused on providing services managing REO properties. Master Tax Adviser Company Name H&R Block Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Gurnee, IL 60031 Represent taxpayers under audit before the Internal Revenue Service.Prepare tax returns for clients with complex tax returns.Instructor for H&R Block's Tax Training School. Subject Matter Expert: Taxation Company Name Steven C. Hamilton II Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 mo Subject Matter Expert: Taxation.Contract position for the Internal Revenue Service Registered Return Preparer Exam Education University of Phoenix Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Johnson and Wales University Field Of Study Accounting/Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Omega Tau Alpha Fraternity Treasurer, College Ambassador Team Developed accounting and inventory system for the Athletics Department. Carmel Catholic High School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 34 endorsements for Accounting 34 Accounting Endorsed by Gursewak S., CA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Steven C.’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 31 endorsements for Tax 31 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Steven C.’s colleagues at H&R Block Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 16 endorsements for Small Business 16 Small Business RN Business Management and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Amelia Lagowski, CPA Supervisor | Assurance Services at RSM US LLP September 11, 2011, Amelia and Steven C. were students together Steven was always very enthusiastic and compassionate about his studies. He is an individual who is not quickly defeated and strives to produce high quality, accurate work. We were able to learn a great deal from one another in our self-study, advanced accounting course at Carmel Catholic High School together. He has only improved and efficiently utilized his professionalism as well as his understanding of accounting/tax methodology within his work experience since then. Lisa Pedersen Sales/ Marketing Manager at Chimney King August 20, 2010, Lisa was a client of Steven C.’s Steven helped me file a very tricky return and advised me me about my upcoming 2010 tax status based on my 2009 return and recent occurances in my life. He was very affiable and flexible about communicating data to process my tax return. Steven gave me great advise that reached beyond just my return. He connected me with several other services that were FREE and helpful sources of information for my particular perdicument.Steven is a talented accountant who genuinely cares about his clients!Kindest Regards,Lisa PedersenNational Sales & Marketing ManagerChimney King, LLC View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Ruben Meoqui District Manager at InstaLoan October 20, 2012, Steven C. reported directly to Ruben Working for Ruben was one of my best experiences at H&R Block. Ruben is a great DM who listens to those reporting to him. He makes sure to recognize them and make sure their needs in the field are satisfied. Working for Ruben encouraged me to move further in the world of tax. Amelia Lagowski, CPA Supervisor | Assurance Services at RSM US LLP September 10, 2011, Steven C. and Amelia were students together Amelia and I were two of the three students in the school taking the self-study advanced accounting course. For once in a classroom we actually finished an entire textbook before the end of the semester. She is a very hard worker and an excellent student. It was a pleasure working with her. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,739,098 followers David H. Stevens, CMBDavid H. Stevens, CMB is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Mortgage Bankers Association 1,017,113 followers Subject Matter Experts 5,775 members Entry Level Jobs and Internships: College Recruiter 60,310 members Johnson & Wales University 87,865 followers Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Unofficial] 6,618 members See all See all following
More Actions Chuck has a account Chuck Mulberg Business Advisor/CPA at Mulberg & Associates PLLC Mulberg & Associates PLLC University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail After twenty years of industry experience, Chuck founded Mulberg & Associates PLLC with the purpose of helping small to medium sized companies succeed in building their business through providing the tools necessary to make better financial management decisions. Chuck's experience comes mainly from the technology and service industries but also includes aviation, retail, and others. He draws on experiences gained while working with small to large companies and uses that knowledge to design the right strategy for each of his clients. Chuck is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in the state of Washington and holds a Master of Business Administration degree. He served as a member of the strategic task force for the Washington Society of CPAs (WSCPA) which has over ten thousand members. He is also a former board member and past president of his local chapter and was recognized as the 2006 chapter president of the year. Also in 2006, Chuck completed his first Ironman distance triathlon in twelve and a half hours. Chuck knows the passion that drives business and understands that, just like an athletic coach can help you succeed with athletic goals, Chuck can coach his clients to successfully reach their business objectives and get farther than they thought possible. All he asks is that his clients bring the passion necessary to make it happen. Chuck will provide you the tools necessary to take your business to the next level and beyond. Specialties: We provide business advisory services, tax planning, and tax preparation. We also provide cash flow management, budgeting, and forecasting. In addition, we assist you with adding value to your business with profit improvement tools including ProfitCents, dashboards, key performance indicators (KPIs), and other tools. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Chuck’s Articles 2,253 followers Four Ways to Grow Your Business Chuck Mulberg on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 14, 2016 See all articles Experience Principal Company Name Mulberg & Associates PLLC Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 9 mos We're not your average CPA firm. Far from it. Our firm focuses on helping small to medium businesses (like yours) run more effectively and more profitably. So what does that mean for you? Simply put, we can do so much more for you than simply "keep the score." We have the tools, resources, skills, and consulting knowledge to help you build a better business. We work with you to identify areas in your business that are not realizing their full potential and help you improve them to build a stronger, more profitable future. VP of Finance Company Name Verdiem Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Report directly to the President and CEO of a 21 employee private software company considered the leading provider of power management software for PC networks. Assist with strategic planning and provide financial modeling for executive team. Manage and direct all financial and operational duties including accounting, order fulfillment functions, management information systems, human resources, and administrative. Coordinate with outside legal counsel, CPAs, and other consultants as needed.• Provide tactical implementation of financial model resulting in revenues growing three time faster than expenses during 2005.• Handled investor relations including investment inquiries, due diligence and stock issuance. Presented to board and worked with CEO to raise additional funds of $5.5 million.• Implemented best practices for sales and revenue recognition policy after collaborating with auditors and executive team resulting in max revenue, max cash, and zero discrepancy audited financial statements.• Worked with finance team to develop and document all accounting procedures resulting in a reduction of 10 days to close month end and prepare financial statements while improving accuracy in all tasks. Owner Company Name Charles C. Mulberg, CPA Dates Employed Dec 2001 – Jul 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Provide strategic planning and tactical implementation of clients’ business plans, internal control reviews, business financial modeling, tax preparation services, and financial analysis.• Reviewed client’s financial system, implemented new reporting methods and streamlined financial procedures resulting in better management decision making and lowered administrative costs.• As interim CFO for a client in financial hardship, provided cash flow management and strategic guidance including reducing inventories and working with creditors resulting in extending the company’s life cycle.• Worked with leading Northwest tax CPA during the 2003 tax season in preparing and reviewing over 200 tax returns including corporate, partnerships, individuals, and trusts. CFO/Controller Company Name CMI Worldwide Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr Reported directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer of this multimedia device manufacturer with 40 employees. Directed a 4-person accounting team in all aspects of corporate finance and accounting including A/P, A/R, payroll, banking, budgeting, financial statements preparation, MIS, internal controls, insurance, financial support to all departments and coordinated with outside legal counsel and auditors.• Managed corporate budgets and mission-critical funding, renegotiating contracts to reduce quarterly cash out flow by 40% ($1.4 million).• Revamped banking relationships resulting in increased return on working capital of 5%.• Expertise provided for cost structures, value-added product pricing, 401(k) plan setup and insurance. • Constructed 5-year business model and supervised financial narrative write up for the business plan, resulting in $15 million raised in convertible debt. Controller Company Name Lumin Technology, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2000 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 6 mos Recruited by Chief Executive Officer of a smart card technology company with 35 employees. Managed 2-person accounting team in consolidations. Responsible for all day-to-day accounting transactions. Instrumental in business plan preparation and presentation resulting in $7.5 million in funding raised. Prepared consolidated financial statements for 3 subsidiaries located in 2 states. Developed general ledger and implemented accounting system for multiple sites. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Brigham Young University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 32 endorsements for Tax Preparation 32 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Laura Dodson, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 28 endorsements for Tax Returns 28 Tax Returns Endorsed by Laura Dodson, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 33 endorsements for Start-ups 33 Start-ups David Liggett and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (12) Given (13) Jean-Philippe Soulé Founder, CEO, Travel Tour Operator & Cycling Guide - Owner, VéloTopo / Native Planet Adventures May 25, 2015, Jean-Philippe was a client of Chuck’s I met Chuck over a decade ago when he volunteered his expertise to be the accountant and a director on the board of our non-profit cycling club. Chuck is a wonderful person to work with and to be with outside of work. We've become close friends and Chuck has been the accountant for my Tour Operator for the last 8 years. I highly recommend him. Ron Schmid Sales Executive - Employee Benefits at Servco Pacific Insurance April 11, 2013, Ron was a client of Chuck’s Chuck is very honest and responsible.. I would recommned him to anyone needing his services! View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Laura Lindal Owner, Laura Lindal CPA September 22, 2012, Chuck worked with Laura but at different companies Laura is the CPA that I recommend for any attestation work. She does excellent work. Laura is the consummate professional auditor when it comes to getting things done and getting them done right. If you need an audit or review performed, I highly recommend that you use the services of Laura Lindal. Eric Larson WeHoneyDo.com cell 206-495-2403 July 25, 2012, Chuck was a client of Eric’s Eric was contacted to provide a new phone system and Internet service for our CPA firm. I was amazed to see how fast he was able to have all of the phones programmed by his company, installed onsite, and training provided. Phone number was ported must faster than other services in the past. Service was outstanding. I have worked over the years with various communications service companies but never had a sales representative take charge of the situation and deliver such great results so quickly. All was done within a few days and at a great price. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Chuck has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Chuck has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Ben ManganBen Mangan is a LinkedIn Influencer Social Impact Executive + Faculty at BerkeleyHaas, Senior Fellow at Aspen Institute 74,317 followers Seattle Accounting and Finance Professionals Group 8,127 members Finance Club 1,037,898 members Seattle Accounting & Finance Executives and CFOs 959 members CoFoundersLab: The Largest Network of Entrepreneurs Online 59,139 members Talk Media LLC 106 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Boyd Business Owner at JMA Consulting Services LLC Boyd and Boyd Beason and Ellis Hickory/Lenoir, North Carolina Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Boyd and Boyd Business Owner Company Name JMA Consulting Services LLC Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Newton, NC Individual, small business, and corporate accounting and tax services. Financial consulting services.Mediation and conflict resolution services. Owner Company Name Twin City Knitting Dates Employed Aug 1976 – Present Employment Duration 40 yrs 11 mos Owner Company Name Boyd Tax Services Dates Employed 1977 – 2010 Employment Duration 33 yrs Tax and Accounting Practitioner Company Name Larry Mauldin CPA Dates Employed 1975 – 1976 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Beason and Ellis Degree Name Certificate in Mediation Training for Conflict Resolution Field Of Study Mediation and Conflict Resolution Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Lenoir Rhyne University Field Of Study Spiritual Dimensions of Counseling Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Mauldin Accounting and Tax Law Field Of Study Accounting and Tax Law Training Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Training in individual, small business, corporate, and estate tax law. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Lenoir-Rhyne University 8,999 followers Bob Jones University 18,937 followers Bob Jones University 18,385 followers Lenoir-Rhyne University 9,435 followers
More Actions Marvin has a account Marvin Wagner Owner, M.D.Wagner Inc M.D.Wagner Inc Charleston Southern University Charleston, South Carolina Area 196 196 connections Send InMail Over a 40 year career including 20 years as an Adjuct Professor of Accounting, 2 years in the Navy (Vietnam); manager, and City Councilmember, my strongest assets are communication and seeing the big picture. I believe in helping people do there job, not over manage. Do the job, finish the job, and always give it all you have to give.. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name M.D.Wagner Inc Dates Employed May 1978 – Present Employment Duration 39 yrs 2 mos General bookkeeping, Tax consulting, and Tax preparation services. Chief, Resource Management Company Name Chas Air Force Base Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 12 yrs 4 mos Responsible for Appropriated and Non Appropriated, Budget and Analysis, Accounting, Contracting, Logistics, and I.T. Total operational funds were $100 million; Appropriated and $12 million; non-appropriated. Total assets managed were Approx. $150 million. Managed up to 125 people on staff Contracting Officer Company Name DOD US Navy Dates Employed Jun 1983 – Oct 1988 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Repair of Naval ships at Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Charleston. Contracts varied from small repair in the low $ thousands to $14 million of varying durations from 2 weeks to 8 months. Also performed function of Bus Review Auditor determining financial ability of Contractors to complete pending contracts (pre-award) Education Charleston Southern University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1978 Trident Technical College Degree Name Associate of Arts (A.A.) Field Of Study Marketing/Marketing Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Richard Whitney and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 13 endorsements for Budgets 13 Budgets Richard Whitney and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 11 endorsements for Customer Service 11 Customer Service Aubry Alexander and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Charleston Southern University 10,752 followers Trident Technical College 22,330 followers Trident Technical College 23,904 followers Charleston Southern University 12,447 followers
More Actions Eoin has a account Eoin Fallon Tax Accountant Pfizer Chartered Accountants Ireland Ireland 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location dublin I am a member of the Asset Management team in the Financial Services tax department. Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York I am currently a member of the PwC FS (FATCA) Academy, situated in New York and working on a number of FATCA projects. Education Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Final Admitting Exam in November 2010. Irish Taxation Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Part 3 (Final) exams in July 2011. Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business, UCD Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 4 endorsements for Financial Services 4 Financial Services Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pfizer 1,531,397 followers University College Dublin 139,177 followers PwC Ireland Alumni 1,284 members University College Dublin 129,487 followers Macquarie University 115,590 followers FATCA Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 12,604 members See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Haynes Founder and owner at Emerging Business Partners Inc EBPI Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Greater Boston Area 337 337 connections Send InMail Steven Haynes in the founder and owner of Emerging Business Partners, Inc. EBPI is a small business accounting firm with three offices in Wellesley, Weymouth and North Easton Massachusetts. They provide services such as tax preparation and planning, bookkeeping and payroll. Steven is also a principal in Livingston and Haynes, P.C. providing compilation, review and audited financial statements for an array of companies, both public and private. Specialties: Developing small business accounting systems helping them to avoid financial and government related pitfalls. Providing them just enough support to properly manage their business, comply with all government requirements and still make sense financially. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name EBPI Dates Employed Sep 1992 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 10 mos Small business accounting firm specializing in new closely held businesses. We prepare over 1500 personal returns and well over 100 corporate and partnership returns each year. We have a full service payroll geared towards companies with 1 to 20 employees. We are also proficient with Quickbooks and handle over 60 bookkeeping accounts each month. Founder and owner Company Name Emerging Business Partners Inc Dates Employed Sep 1992 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 10 mos Education Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1989 Colby College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 19 endorsements for Accounting 19 Accounting William Zachmann and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 17 endorsements for Small Business 17 Small Business Endorsed by Bob Chapman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by Cheryl A. Morse, EA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Richard Tillotson Citizens Business Banking May 14, 2015, Steve managed Richard directly Richard has been an excellent, responsive banker. I would send someone his way any time. Jane Wallace Owner, Designer at Vision Window Decor January 11, 2011, Jane was a client of Steve’s Jane is a terrific business woman and comes highly recommended in her field. i haven't had an occasion to use her services but if she handles it, in any way, like she runs her business I would expect nothing but excellence. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Naomi SimsonNaomi Simson is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Entrepreneur, Author, Shark Tank Australia, Blogger: Join.NaomiSimson.com 1,948,696 followers Hunter WalkHunter Walk is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Homebrew VC (fmr YouTube, Google, Second Life product lead) 817,912 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 16,997 followers Laszlo BockLaszlo Bock is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and co-founder of Humu. Former SVP of People Operations at Google. Author of "Work Rules!". Advisor. Dad. 687,925 followers Plymouth Notch 83 followers Carroll School of Management Graduate Programs 5,294 members See all See all following
More Actions Samuel has a account Samuel Welty, CPA Senior Manager, External Reporting Dana Holding Corporation Fairmont State University Toledo, Ohio Area 160 160 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Samuel’s Activity 162 followers July 4th Weekend - Special Events | California's Great America Samuel liked The Plain Dealer Top Workplaces 2017 - Corrigan Krause CPAs Samuel liked Dana is providing driveshaft assemblies and gearboxes for the New York Wheel. When construction is complete in early 2018, it will be the world’s tallest observation wheel standing 630 feet tall. Our driveshafts will support a leveling system that allows each of the 36 pods to stay balanced as the wheel rotates. In addition, Dana is supplying planetary gearboxes that will be used to rotate the wheel. https://goo.gl/9G79As Samuel liked Dana has achieved the innovation milestone of 10,000 patents issued to the company’s engineers and inventors! The 10,000th patent, US 9,557,749 B2, was issued earlier this year for a Long® brand heat exchanger with an integrated thermal bypass valve, which enables active warm-up of transmission fluid during the initial phase of vehicle operation — increasing fuel efficiency and transmission shifting performance. To support continued innovation, Dana operates 16 technical centers that are strategically located to serve customers around the world. https://goo.gl/lWT2AO Samuel liked Dana is leveraging our experience and research across all vehicle markets to accelerate the introduction of cleaner, more efficient drivetrain components for electric and hybrid vehicles. Our engineers collaborate with automotive manufacturers to develop efficient, lightweight solutions that offer high power density in a smaller package. Samuel liked Transforming the Future Requires Technology, Capability and Scale Samuel liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager, External Reporting Company Name Dana Holding Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Corporate Director, Internal Audit Company Name Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Sandusky Ohio Assistant Controller Company Name Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Sandusky OH Accounting Specialist Company Name Eaton Corporation Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Beachwood, Ohio a diversified power management company with 2010 sales of $13.7 billion. Eaton has approximately 70,000 employees and sells products to customers in more that 150 countries.Specialist-Global Strategies 2010-PresentPreparation and analysis of the Statement of Cash FlowsController of two Corporate EntitiesReconciliation and elimination of investment in subsidiariesPreparation of Statement of Shareholders' EquityShareholders' Equity AccountingSOX 404 - validationSafety MarshallCommunity Action Committee memberSpecialist-Government Reporting and Income Tax AccountingDraft and complete Annual Form 10-K required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)Record entries and maintain monthly analysis of domestic deferred tax accountsPrepare monthly deferred taxes supporting schedulesPrepare annual entries for the booking of US and Canadian income tax returnsPreparation of the annual LIFO calculationReview of foreign deferred taxes SOX 404 - corporate validationSOX 404 - implementation and validation at Asia Pacific shared service centerMaintain calculation for funded debt to monitor compliance with loan covenantsProvide analysis and historical ranking of EPS, operating profit, restructuring activity and other measures by business segment for management analysisReview new SEC and FASB promulgationsComplete quarterly and annual reports for the U.S. Census BureauCoordinate and Manage distribution, receipt and submission of U.S. Census reports required for Eaton manufacturing locations Senior Accountant Company Name Schmitz,Corrigan,Krause & Co Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Schmitz, Corrigan, Krause & Co. is a Public Accounting company with approximately 25 employees.; Preparation and review of corporate income, franchise, personal property and sales tax returnsPreparation and review of individual income tax returnsIncome tax researchCorporate and individual income tax planning/consultingFinancial consulting for closely-held businessesFinancing and debt acquisition/consultingPreparation of balance sheets, profit and loss statements, and other financial reportsMerger and acquisition consultingAudits and agreed upon procedures engagementsCompilation and review engagementsProjected financial statements and budgetsSupervised one to two staff accountants See more positions Education Fairmont State University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Sigma Pi Student Government Band Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 12 endorsements for Auditing 12 Auditing Endorsed by Carmen Fazekash, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Samuel’s colleagues at Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Endorsed by Richard Cardenas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Samuel’s colleagues at Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 9 endorsements for Internal Audit 9 Internal Audit Endorsed by Carmen Fazekash, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Samuel’s colleagues at Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Samuel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Fairmont State University 13,545 followers The Dyson Corporation 765 followers SEC Professionals Group 3,130 members Accounting Jobs and Jobseekers 124,509 members Nissan Motor Corporation 428,217 followers Dana Incorporated 50,228 followers See all See all following
More Actions Liam has a account Liam Slattery FCCA AITI CBRE - Senior Accountant CBRE CPA Ireland Ireland 298 298 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Financial Accountant Company Name CBRE Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Project Manager - Accounts Company Name Savills Ireland Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Dublin  Responsible for overseeing the preparation of accounts for property management companies for audit, including budget versus actual reports, expense apportionments and preparation of trial balance for audit Liaising with 50 colleagues – executive management, accountants, property managers and administration to complete each task Reviewing files before presenting to external auditors  Tracking of progress and presenting to executive on a regular basis Delegating of tasks within the audit process to team members Training of both accounting and non-accounting staff on issues relating to audit, accounting, company secretarial and taxation matters Preparation of systems documents on how to better prepare for the audit process within the company and presentation of same Dealing with ad hoc assignments such as dealing with clients on handover of financial information, VAT on property issues, corporation tax, company secretarial, etc Audit/Accounts Senior Company Name Veldon Tait Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin  Audit and preparation of accounts for small to medium sized companies and sole traders Preparation of corporation tax computations and returns Completing jobs in a timely fashion with emphasis on the amount quoted for the job Managing jobs concurrently and ensuring that deadlines for corporation tax and annual returns are met Liaising with both partner and client to ensure that all issues and queries are highlighted and cleared in an efficient manner Financial Accountant / Finance Manager Company Name Prima Management Limited Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Preparation of financial statements from prime records and preparation of tax returns for small companies and sole traders for portfolio of 70 clientsDealing with tax and accounting queries from clients on a daily basis. Researching topics and advising clients appropriatelyOverseeing and reviewing work of four other team members regarding accounts, financial statements and tax return preparationEnsuring the timely returns to the Companies Registration Office and Revenue Commissioners Audit Senior Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Duties and responsibilitiesPlanning and performing audit assignments for clients in the manufacturing, retail, distribution, pharmaceutical, food production and information technology industriesPreparation of group reporting documents on five occasions and ensuring that all group reporting documents were submitted in full and on timeWorking as part of a team reporting to the Partner on a timely basis and delegating tasks to junior team members, including review of their working papersLiaising with managers and directors, as well as other professionals including Tax, Legal, etc.Conducting performance review of other team members post engagement completion, giving constructive feedback and providing guidanceEffective delegation, oversight of workflow and assignment reviewsDealing with the more complex areas of audit engagements, including deferred income, revenue recognition, goodwillAssisting in the management of a diverse portfolio of clientsCompleting tasks and audits within allocated time frames and budgetsSOX review of German manufacturing subsidiary of Irish company See more positions Education CPA Ireland Degree Name Certificate in Companies Act 2014 Field Of Study Company Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Irish Management Institute Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Front Line Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Front Line Management Irish Tax Institute Degree Name AITI Field Of Study Irish Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Personal & Corporate Tax, VAT, CGT & CAT Scored 80% in Corporation Tax in final exams See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Conor Crowley, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 16 endorsements for Financial Accounting 16 Financial Accounting Gislaine Slattery and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 11 endorsements for Corporate Tax 11 Corporate Tax Gislaine Slattery and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Liam has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Irish Portuguese Spanish Liam has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Portuguese Lessons Spanish Lessons Liam has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication VAT on Service Charge for Property Management Companies Interests University of Limerick 54,550 followers Irish Management Institute 11,814 followers Intesa Sanpaolo 147,146 followers Irish Management Institute 7,354 followers Speakeasy BCN 75 followers CBRE 360,877 followers See all See all following
More Actions Benno has a account Benno Tax Accountant Director at Protax Group Protax Group Monument Hoer Skool South Africa 183 183 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name Protax Group Dates Employed Sep 1987 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 10 mos Education Monument Hoer Skool Degree Name High School Field Of Study Matric Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Strategy See 13 endorsements for Business Strategy 13 Business Strategy Gabriel Landry Ngouessy-Guibinga and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Michael Robbertze and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 10 endorsements for Strategic Planning 10 Strategic Planning Endorsed by Gabriel Landry Ngouessy-Guibinga, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Janet has a account Janet Poulson Owner, JP Company of VA JP Company of VA Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Richmond, Virginia Area 209 209 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name JP Company of VA Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Tax Manager Company Name Stephens & Associates, CPA's Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Jul 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Criminal Investigator Company Name Virginia Department of Taxation Dates Employed Jan 1993 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Education Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & English Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Christopher Newport University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting William Welstead and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Janet’s colleagues at Virginia Department of Taxation Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 9 endorsements for Small Business 9 Small Business Cathy O'Kelley Harless and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Entrepreneurs in Central VA 3,918 members Christopher Newport University 23,070 followers Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business 30,372 followers FORE Networking 43,413 members Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business 30,533 followers Christopher Newport University 22,398 followers See all See all following
More Actions Faye has a account Faye Watts Partner at FUSE Accountants LLP FUSE Accountants LLP London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Faye is a founding partner of FUSE Accountants LLP. She has expertise in various business and tax matters providing advice to small and medium sized business owners and individuals. In particular she has vast experience with property related matters and specialises in working within the creative sector with entertainers, writers, fashionistas and media junkies. Faye also writes for a number of publications and sits on the board of various organisations. She is currently engaged in a campaign to encourage women into finance roles. See more at http://www.fayewatts.com Specialties: FUSE Accountants specialise in property taxes, performance artists and growing entrepreneurial business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner, Tax Accountant Company Name FUSE Accountants LLP Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Chartered Certified Accountants, Tax & Business Advisers. Specialists in advising on taxation matters for individuals and businesses, specialising in the entertainment and fashion industries, media and production, property and professional practice. Tax Advisor Company Name SRLV Dates Employed 2002 – 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs Volunteer Experience Trustee - Corporate Fundraising Company Name Neuroblastoma UK Dates volunteered Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Children Helping to raise awareness and funding for this childhood cancer Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 100 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by 6 of Faye’s colleagues at SRLV Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Advisory See 73 endorsements for Tax Advisory 73 Tax Advisory Endorsed by 5 of Faye’s colleagues at SRLV Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 63 endorsements for Tax Returns 63 Tax Returns M. Amir Warsi and 62 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (14) Given (12) Ruth Goodmaker Recruitment Solution finding the best commercial and engineering people for client companies September 9, 2014, Ruth was a client of Faye’s Thank you Faye for your advice, care and speed since I have been working with you. I cannot thank you and the team at Fuse for being so helpful. I have never had service like this and would never hesitate to recommend you to others.Kind regardsRuth Rene Dekker, BIID SBID Founding Partner & Creative Director at Rene Dekker Design Limited August 1, 2014, Rene was a client of Faye’s We have been working with Faye and the FUSE Accountants team for several years now. Faye is always ready and willing to assist with any of our queries, and she always has an informative answer or solution to everything. Her honest approach and personable manner make her a strong asset to any organisation. View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Ysanne Lewis Owner of Catching The Wave + Astrology + Timing Consultant + Writer + Public Speaker March 30, 2015, Faye was a client of Ysanne’s Ysanne did some birth date charting for me recently and it was such an eye opener. She has such an easy way of explaining her findings, which I found thoroughly useful and incredibly motivating. Her gentle manner makes you feel at ease and she gave me lots of food for thought. I would thoroughly recommend her to anyone who has an open mind about themselves, as working with Ysanne is a great starting point for anyone looking for change and self-knowledge. Joanna Gilbert Artist at Joanna Gilbert October 6, 2014, Faye was a client of Joanna’s We are thrilled with our branded artwork in the office, it looks great and gets loads of attention. Thank you for understanding our brand and creating a contemporary piece of art that we will enjoy for years to come. If you want a unique piece of art made just for you, I have no doubt that Jo will deliver something special. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Sister Snog 83 followers Mark Lee's Successful Accountants Club 3,855 members SRLV 608 followers AccountantsWorld 1,864 members everywomanUK 7,754 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions Benno has a account Benno Tax Accountant Director at Protax Group Protax Group Monument Hoer Skool South Africa 183 183 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name Protax Group Dates Employed Sep 1987 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 10 mos Education Monument Hoer Skool Degree Name High School Field Of Study Matric Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Strategy See 13 endorsements for Business Strategy 13 Business Strategy Gabriel Landry Ngouessy-Guibinga and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Michael Robbertze and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 10 endorsements for Strategic Planning 10 Strategic Planning Endorsed by Gabriel Landry Ngouessy-Guibinga, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Sally has a account Sally Eichler Owner, Eichlers Tax Service Eichlers Tax Service Kansas City, Missouri Area 43 43 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Enrolled Agent, Owner Company Name Eichlers Tax Service Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 6 mos Location 7012 Sobbie Rd, Pleasant Valley, MO 64068 Tax Preparation and Payroll Services Tax Preparer Company Name Kelly S. Taylor CPA. P.C. Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 1 endorsement for Tax Preparation 1 Tax Preparation Keith Maksimik has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Receivable See 1 endorsement for Accounts Receivable 1 Accounts Receivable Gera Storm has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation See 1 endorsement for Account Reconciliation 1 Account Reconciliation Gera Storm has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sally has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Enrolled Agent
More Actions Curt has a account Curt Lee Owner, C B Lee & Company, Inc. C B Lee & Company Raleigh, North Carolina 147 147 connections Send InMail Secretary/Treasurer - National Society of Accountants 2015-2016 Highlights Experience President /Owner Company Name C B Lee & Company Dates Employed Aug 1981 – Present Employment Duration 35 yrs 11 mos Location 4617 Western Blvd Raleigh, NC 27606 Full Service Accounting,Payroll Processing & Tax Preparation Services Volunteer Experience Legislative Chair Company Name NCSA Dates volunteered Jun 1997 – Present Volunteer duration 20 yrs 1 mo Cause Politics Adminstrative Chair - Right to Practice Company Name National Society of Accountants Dates volunteered Aug 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 11 mos Cause Politics Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales Tax See 21 endorsements for Sales Tax 21 Sales Tax Endorsed by Jim Holmes and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 16 endorsements for Corporate Tax 16 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Jim Holmes, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll Taxes See 16 endorsements for Payroll Taxes 16 Payroll Taxes Endorsed by Jim Holmes and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Curt has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Distinguished 'Service Award - 2011 Presidential Award Curt has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations National Society of Accountants North Carolina Society of Accountants Interests Practice Building Tips For Independent Bookkeepers, Accountants and Tax Professionals 49 members National Society of Accountants 10,129 members
More Actions Janet has a account Janet Poulson Owner, JP Company of VA JP Company of VA Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Richmond, Virginia Area 209 209 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name JP Company of VA Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Tax Manager Company Name Stephens & Associates, CPA's Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Jul 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Criminal Investigator Company Name Virginia Department of Taxation Dates Employed Jan 1993 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Education Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & English Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Christopher Newport University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting William Welstead and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Janet’s colleagues at Virginia Department of Taxation Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 9 endorsements for Small Business 9 Small Business Cathy O'Kelley Harless and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Christopher Newport University 23,070 followers Tax Executives/Professionals 5,886 members Christopher Newport University 22,398 followers Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business 30,533 followers Entrepreneurs in Central VA 3,918 members FORE Networking 43,413 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Braxton Foreman at EMCOR Group, Inc. EMCOR Group, Inc. Fort Washington, Maryland 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Foreman Company Name EMCOR Group, Inc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests EMCOR Group, Inc. 10,444 followers
More Actions Rupal has a account Rupal Shah Sr. Manager, Tax SanDisk® University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign San Francisco Bay Area 242 242 connections Send InMail CPA with over 14 years of public accounting and industry experience in both domestic and international tax Highlights Experience Sr. Manager, Tax Company Name SanDisk® Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Milpitas, California Tax Consultant @ SanDisk Company Name Steele Consulting LLC Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Jose, California Director, International tax Company Name Yahoo! Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos International Tax Manager Company Name Atmel Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Sr. Tax & Treasury Accountant Company Name iPass, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 11 mos • Analyze, develop and implement native Excel based FAS 109 provision workbook including ETR reconciliation, current and deferred tax analysis, tax account rollforward, 10-Q/K tax footnote and related tax disclosures.• Perform an extensive analysis of tax accounts and propose a balancing general ledger journal entry to Finance Department• Assist with data gathering and preparation of FIN 48• Assist with data gathering and analysis of FAS 123R journal entry and its impact on income tax provision• Develop and implement tax controls and document various deliverables including process flows and narrative• Assist in data gathering and evaluate strategies in defending tax positions under income tax audit which resulted in tax savings• Respond to IRS and state notices by accumulating requested information, review proposed audit adjustments, and successfully defend adjustments• Develop and implement methodologies for preparation of sales and use tax returns See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name BS & Masters Field Of Study BS in Accounting and Masters in Accounting with specialization in Tax Featured Skills & Endorsements International Tax See 9 endorsements for International Tax 9 International Tax Endorsed by Srikanth Mamidanna and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rupal’s colleagues at Atmel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 7 endorsements for Tax Accounting 7 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rupal’s colleagues at Atmel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by Surbhi Bordia and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rupal’s colleagues at Atmel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Larry Hara Executive Director at Ernst and Young LLP July 14, 2008, Larry managed Rupal directly I hired Rupal during my tenure as the VP of Tax at Atmel Corporation. Rupal is an efficient, diligent, detail oriented professional. She is a pleasure to work with and has good interpersonal skills. Mario Castellon, CPA, CGMA Financial and Tax Advisor July 11, 2008, Mario managed Rupal directly Rupal is a talented tax professional with excellent technical and interpersonal communication skills. She is proactive with a strong work ethic. I thoroughly enjoyed working with Rupal and highly recommend her. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rupal has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Gujarati Hindi Interests International tax planning professionals 29,189 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 342,777 followers SanDisk® 94,979 followers Steele Consulting LLC 51 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 331,196 followers
More Actions Eoin has a account Eoin Fallon Tax Accountant Pfizer Chartered Accountants Ireland Ireland 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location dublin I am a member of the Asset Management team in the Financial Services tax department. Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York I am currently a member of the PwC FS (FATCA) Academy, situated in New York and working on a number of FATCA projects. Education Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Final Admitting Exam in November 2010. Irish Taxation Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Part 3 (Final) exams in July 2011. Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business, UCD Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 4 endorsements for Financial Services 4 Financial Services Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University College Dublin 129,487 followers Master of Accounting (MAcc) UCD Smurfit School 678 members Pfizer 1,531,401 followers University College Dublin 139,177 followers Irish LGBT Professionals' Network 472 members FATCA Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 12,604 members See all See all following
More Actions Valentina has a account Valentina Shchur Tax Accountant at Bayer CropScience Bayer CropScience Academy of Statistics and audit Ukraine 99 99 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Bayer CropScience Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Education Academy of Statistics and audit Degree Name specialist Kiev Degree Name Higher education Field Of Study Рroficient Media (1) This position has 1 media Lviv Lviv This media is an image Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Valentina’s colleagues at Bayer Crop Science Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 5 endorsements for SAP 5 SAP Iryna Glushkevych and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Iryna Glushkevych and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bayer 712,809 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,700 members Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members SAP Professionals, a Relevante Networking Group 45,259 members Bayer Crop Science 157,147 followers Link Finance 46,067 members See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Bell Director, Global Tax at Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton SUNY Polytechnic Institute Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director, Global Tax Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Annapolis Junction, Maryland Sr. Associate, Indirect Tax Leader Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Annapolis Junction, Maryland Senior Manager, State and Local Tax Company Name Ernst & Young, LLP Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Senior Manager Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2003 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs Tax Analyst Company Name General Electric Dates Employed 1994 – 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education SUNY Polytechnic Institute Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Alfred University Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 17 endorsements for Corporate Tax 17 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Byron Hennessey and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Byron Hennessey and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Indirect Taxation See 11 endorsements for Indirect Taxation 11 Indirect Taxation Endorsed by Carl DiNicola, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests General Electric Alumni 70,129 members Alfred University 17,674 followers EY 1,748,769 followers SUNY Polytechnic Institute 12,036 followers Alfred University 17,358 followers SC&H Group 2,574 followers See all See all following
More Actions Liam has a account Liam Slattery FCCA AITI CBRE - Senior Accountant CBRE CPA Ireland Ireland 298 298 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Financial Accountant Company Name CBRE Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Project Manager - Accounts Company Name Savills Ireland Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Dublin  Responsible for overseeing the preparation of accounts for property management companies for audit, including budget versus actual reports, expense apportionments and preparation of trial balance for audit Liaising with 50 colleagues – executive management, accountants, property managers and administration to complete each task Reviewing files before presenting to external auditors  Tracking of progress and presenting to executive on a regular basis Delegating of tasks within the audit process to team members Training of both accounting and non-accounting staff on issues relating to audit, accounting, company secretarial and taxation matters Preparation of systems documents on how to better prepare for the audit process within the company and presentation of same Dealing with ad hoc assignments such as dealing with clients on handover of financial information, VAT on property issues, corporation tax, company secretarial, etc Audit/Accounts Senior Company Name Veldon Tait Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin  Audit and preparation of accounts for small to medium sized companies and sole traders Preparation of corporation tax computations and returns Completing jobs in a timely fashion with emphasis on the amount quoted for the job Managing jobs concurrently and ensuring that deadlines for corporation tax and annual returns are met Liaising with both partner and client to ensure that all issues and queries are highlighted and cleared in an efficient manner Financial Accountant / Finance Manager Company Name Prima Management Limited Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Preparation of financial statements from prime records and preparation of tax returns for small companies and sole traders for portfolio of 70 clientsDealing with tax and accounting queries from clients on a daily basis. Researching topics and advising clients appropriatelyOverseeing and reviewing work of four other team members regarding accounts, financial statements and tax return preparationEnsuring the timely returns to the Companies Registration Office and Revenue Commissioners Audit Senior Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Duties and responsibilitiesPlanning and performing audit assignments for clients in the manufacturing, retail, distribution, pharmaceutical, food production and information technology industriesPreparation of group reporting documents on five occasions and ensuring that all group reporting documents were submitted in full and on timeWorking as part of a team reporting to the Partner on a timely basis and delegating tasks to junior team members, including review of their working papersLiaising with managers and directors, as well as other professionals including Tax, Legal, etc.Conducting performance review of other team members post engagement completion, giving constructive feedback and providing guidanceEffective delegation, oversight of workflow and assignment reviewsDealing with the more complex areas of audit engagements, including deferred income, revenue recognition, goodwillAssisting in the management of a diverse portfolio of clientsCompleting tasks and audits within allocated time frames and budgetsSOX review of German manufacturing subsidiary of Irish company See more positions Education CPA Ireland Degree Name Certificate in Companies Act 2014 Field Of Study Company Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Irish Management Institute Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Front Line Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Front Line Management Irish Tax Institute Degree Name AITI Field Of Study Irish Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Personal & Corporate Tax, VAT, CGT & CAT Scored 80% in Corporation Tax in final exams See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 18 endorsements for Accounting 18 Accounting Endorsed by Conor Crowley, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 16 endorsements for Financial Accounting 16 Financial Accounting Gislaine Slattery and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 11 endorsements for Corporate Tax 11 Corporate Tax Gislaine Slattery and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Liam has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Irish Portuguese Spanish Liam has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Portuguese Lessons Spanish Lessons Liam has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication VAT on Service Charge for Property Management Companies Interests Intesa Sanpaolo 147,146 followers Savills Ireland 4,424 followers Irish Management Institute 7,354 followers CBRE 360,877 followers University of Limerick 57,733 followers Speakeasy BCN 75 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tara has a account Tara (Walsh) Haight Engagement Director at CliftonLarsonAllen CliftonLarsonAllen The University of Montana - School of Business Richland/Kennewick/Pasco, Washington Area 217 217 connections Send InMail Specialties: FASB ASC 740, Federal Income Tax Highlights Follow Follow Tara’s Activity 217 followers What happens if you invest in developing your people- and they leave? Tara liked Participant Loans — Friend or Foe for Your Employees?: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara shared this Private Investment 25 Percent Return: CLA Wealth Advisors Tara liked Manufacturing and Distribution Outlook Report: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara liked Use Nonprofit Financials as a Strategic Decision-Making Tool: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara liked Welcome to CLA’s Global Tax Blog CliftonLarsonAllen LLP Tara liked See all activity Experience Engagement Director Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Richland/Kennewick/Pasco, Washington Area Federal taxation including large consolidated corporate tax returns, ASC 740, attended firm sponsored Partnership Taxation Academy as well as International tax training.Assisted clients with IRS Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program. Assistant Tax Director - Compliance Company Name Weyerhaeuser Dates Employed May 2004 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Responsible for tax audit and compliance activities including: Calculation of worldwide tax provision under FASB ASC 740 and related FIN 48 &amp; SEC reporting. Led quarterly discussions and communications with Chief Accounting Officer, senior accounting and finance executives and outside auditors. Researched and calculated the company’s first discontinued operations tax provision including tax provision calculations for the related carve out financial statements. Responsible for consolidated corporate income tax return for consolidated group of approximately 35 domestic subsidiaries and 50 foreign subsidiaries. Managed 15 direct reports. Managed federal income tax audit including the company’s first Compliance Assurance Program (CAP) audit. Responsible for successful income tax compliance integration with company-wide SAP implementation. Led team responsible for implementation of new income tax compliance software. Quickly promoted from Senior Tax Analyst to Assistant Tax Director in 4 years based on proven ability to take on increased responsibilities and deliver results. Tax Manager Company Name Coldwater Creek Dates Employed Jan 2003 – May 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos  Responsible for bringing tax function in house and communication of all tax issues with VP Finance and CFO. Calculation of tax provision under FASB ASC 740 and related SEC reporting.  Compliance for federal and multi-state income tax, multi-state sales and use tax, personal property tax, unclaimed property and annual reports. Managed the company’s first Canadian customs audit. Tax Analyst Company Name AT&T Wireless Dates Employed May 2002 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 8 mos  Prepared state income tax returns and other various state income tax projects. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed May 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo  Assisted with state and local (SALT) consulting projects primarily related to sales and use tax and Washington B&O tax. See more positions Education The University of Montana - School of Business Degree Name Masters Degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Teaching assistant The University of Montana - School of Business Degree Name BS Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Kappa Alpha Theta Volunteer Experience Treasurer Company Name Women Helping Women Fund Tri-Cities Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Children Treasurer for an organization that focuses on empowering women and children to create healthy families and a vibrant community. Ambassador Company Name Tri-City Regional Chamber of Commerce Dates volunteered Mar 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 4 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 12 endorsements for Corporate Tax 12 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tara has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests University of Montana 46,990 followers The University of Montana - School of Business 5,804 followers Craft Brewing Industry 44,157 members University of Montana 50,047 followers Weyerhaeuser Employees Past and Present 6,424 members The University of Montana - School of Business Administration 41 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabe has a account Gabe Domenici Owner, Domenici Tax & Business Services Domenici Tax & Business Services Greater Los Angeles Area 225 225 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Domenici Tax & Business Services Dates Employed Jan 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 6 mos Location Corona, CA Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 20 endorsements for Small Business 20 Small Business Roberto Silva and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 16 endorsements for Payroll 16 Payroll Roberto Silva and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 14 endorsements for Tax Preparation 14 Tax Preparation Ron Lenhart and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests HP 2,463,495 followers Entrepreneurs HQ: Digital Marketing Small Business Startups Social Media Mobile SEO SEM Startup Jobs 176,201 members Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,469,070 followers
More Actions Tara has a account Tara (Walsh) Haight Engagement Director at CliftonLarsonAllen CliftonLarsonAllen The University of Montana - School of Business Richland/Kennewick/Pasco, Washington Area 217 217 connections Send InMail Specialties: FASB ASC 740, Federal Income Tax Highlights Follow Follow Tara’s Activity 217 followers What happens if you invest in developing your people- and they leave? Tara liked Participant Loans — Friend or Foe for Your Employees?: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara shared this Private Investment 25 Percent Return: CLA Wealth Advisors Tara liked Manufacturing and Distribution Outlook Report: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara liked Use Nonprofit Financials as a Strategic Decision-Making Tool: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Tara liked Welcome to CLA’s Global Tax Blog CliftonLarsonAllen LLP Tara liked See all activity Experience Engagement Director Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Richland/Kennewick/Pasco, Washington Area Federal taxation including large consolidated corporate tax returns, ASC 740, attended firm sponsored Partnership Taxation Academy as well as International tax training.Assisted clients with IRS Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program. Assistant Tax Director - Compliance Company Name Weyerhaeuser Dates Employed May 2004 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Responsible for tax audit and compliance activities including: Calculation of worldwide tax provision under FASB ASC 740 and related FIN 48 &amp; SEC reporting. Led quarterly discussions and communications with Chief Accounting Officer, senior accounting and finance executives and outside auditors. Researched and calculated the company’s first discontinued operations tax provision including tax provision calculations for the related carve out financial statements. Responsible for consolidated corporate income tax return for consolidated group of approximately 35 domestic subsidiaries and 50 foreign subsidiaries. Managed 15 direct reports. Managed federal income tax audit including the company’s first Compliance Assurance Program (CAP) audit. Responsible for successful income tax compliance integration with company-wide SAP implementation. Led team responsible for implementation of new income tax compliance software. Quickly promoted from Senior Tax Analyst to Assistant Tax Director in 4 years based on proven ability to take on increased responsibilities and deliver results. Tax Manager Company Name Coldwater Creek Dates Employed Jan 2003 – May 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos  Responsible for bringing tax function in house and communication of all tax issues with VP Finance and CFO. Calculation of tax provision under FASB ASC 740 and related SEC reporting.  Compliance for federal and multi-state income tax, multi-state sales and use tax, personal property tax, unclaimed property and annual reports. Managed the company’s first Canadian customs audit. Tax Analyst Company Name AT&T Wireless Dates Employed May 2002 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 8 mos  Prepared state income tax returns and other various state income tax projects. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed May 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo  Assisted with state and local (SALT) consulting projects primarily related to sales and use tax and Washington B&O tax. See more positions Education The University of Montana - School of Business Degree Name Masters Degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Teaching assistant The University of Montana - School of Business Degree Name BS Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Kappa Alpha Theta Volunteer Experience Treasurer Company Name Women Helping Women Fund Tri-Cities Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Children Treasurer for an organization that focuses on empowering women and children to create healthy families and a vibrant community. Ambassador Company Name Tri-City Regional Chamber of Commerce Dates volunteered Mar 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 4 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 13 endorsements for Accounting 13 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 12 endorsements for Corporate Tax 12 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Tara’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tara has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests University of Montana 46,990 followers The University of Montana - School of Business Administration 41 followers Coldwater Creek Alumni Group 709 members University of Montana Alumni Network 4,932 members University of Montana School of Business Alumni 1,892 members Weyerhaeuser Employees Past and Present 6,424 members See all See all following
More Actions Eoin has a account Eoin Fallon Tax Accountant Pfizer Chartered Accountants Ireland Ireland 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Tax Manager Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location dublin I am a member of the Asset Management team in the Financial Services tax department. Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York I am currently a member of the PwC FS (FATCA) Academy, situated in New York and working on a number of FATCA projects. Education Chartered Accountants Ireland Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Final Admitting Exam in November 2010. Irish Taxation Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Passed Part 3 (Final) exams in July 2011. Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business, UCD Degree Name Master of Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 4 endorsements for Financial Services 4 Financial Services Endorsed by 3 of Eoin’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University College Dublin 139,177 followers University College Dublin 129,487 followers FATCA Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 12,604 members Pfizer 1,531,402 followers Master of Accounting (MAcc) UCD Smurfit School 678 members PwC Ireland Alumni 1,284 members See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Bell Director, Global Tax at Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton SUNY Polytechnic Institute Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director, Global Tax Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Annapolis Junction, Maryland Sr. Associate, Indirect Tax Leader Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Annapolis Junction, Maryland Senior Manager, State and Local Tax Company Name Ernst & Young, LLP Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Senior Manager Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed 2003 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs Tax Analyst Company Name General Electric Dates Employed 1994 – 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education SUNY Polytechnic Institute Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Alfred University Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 17 endorsements for Corporate Tax 17 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Byron Hennessey and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Endorsed by Byron Hennessey and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Indirect Taxation See 11 endorsements for Indirect Taxation 11 Indirect Taxation Endorsed by Carl DiNicola, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Steve’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests General Electric Alumni 70,129 members EY 1,748,769 followers Grant Thornton LLP 144,456 followers SUNY Polytechnic Institute 12,036 followers Deloitte 2,201,925 followers Alfred University 17,674 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dmitriy has a account Dmitriy Company Owner, Dmitriy Borodyanskiy Dmitriy Company City College of San Francisco San Francisco Bay Area 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent We are committed to your financial success! Our company has succeeded in providing outstanding personalized and innovative services for local and out-of-state clients for over 23 years. - Offer in Compromise - Bookkeeping - Income Taxes - Payroll Taxes - Sales Taxes - Back Taxes - IRS Representation Specialties: Tax Accountant – IRS Enrolled Agent Tax & Bookkeeping Services for businesses & Individuals Income Taxes, Payroll Taxes, Sales Taxes, Back Taxes, IRS Representation, Offer in Compromise See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Dmitriy Company Dates Employed Jan 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 6 mos Tax/ Bookkeeping work Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 1995 – Jul 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Jan 1992 – Nov 1994 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Tax services for businesses & Individuals Education City College of San Francisco Field Of Study Tax/ Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 University of economics, Kiev, Ukraine Degree Name EA, BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Debate Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 1 endorsement for Tax 1 Tax Judy Contreras, SPHR has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax Income Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Sales Tax Sales Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dmitriy has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Microsoft 3,763,456 followers City College of San Francisco 46,160 followers National Society of Accountants 10,129 members I Want to Buy a Business 7,918 members VIRTUAL ACCOUNTING AND BOOKKEEPING SERVICES 7,380 members California Society of Enrolled Agents (CSEA) 2,269 members See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Duda, CPA Director, Private Industry at CliftonLarsonAllen LLP CliftonLarsonAllen LLP Saint Mary's University of Minnesota Rochester, Minnesota Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Joe currently teams to provide tax/assurance, outsourcing, and consulting services. Entering his seventeenth year in a public accounting setting serving the region he has considerable knowledge working with a variety of clients mainly closely held businesses including pass through entities, corporations, high net worth individuals, government, and nonprofit work. He has significant history with tax, financial statement, and related consulting engagements, including a large number involving succession and transition of the family business, related entities or consolidated operations. While completing these engagements he has worked under budgeted timelines, supervised and reviewed work, conducted interviews with current and potential clients, consulted with business owners and members of client management, and corresponded with financial institutions. He is skilled in preparing and reviewing tax returns and financial statements and is versed in developing financial expectations and analyzing financial results. He uses his experience to deliver value added information through delivery of core services. Specialties: Privately held business tax planning, tax returns, financial statements, and related consulting. Industries: Real estate, agribusiness, construction, manufacturing, trucking, and technology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Joseph’s Activity 628 followers CLA’s Rochester Office Relocates, Expands: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Joseph shared this Tax Economic Outlook Nonprofits Health Care: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Joseph shared this https://lnkd.in/eDWGeuP Joseph shared this Back to the Basics Helps Agribusinesses Change: CliftonLarsonAllen (CLA) Joseph shared this https://lnkd.in/eQEavHa Joseph shared this https://lnkd.in/eatxYr5 Joseph shared this See all activity Experience Director, Private Industry Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Rochester, MN Tax, accounting, and related consulting for privately held businesses and their owners. Senior Consultant Company Name AgStar Financial Services, ACA Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Rochester, MN Tax, accounting, and related consulting projects for family farms and agricultural related business. Manager Company Name Smith Schafer & Associates Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2001 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location Rochester, MN Tax, accounting, and related consulting projects for small business, government, and nonprofit entities. Education Saint Mary's University of Minnesota Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Lourdes High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 26 endorsements for Tax 26 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Joseph’s colleagues at AgStar Financial Services ACA Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 18 endorsements for Financial Statements 18 Financial Statements Endorsed by 2 of Joseph’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 16 endorsements for Finance 16 Finance Endorsed by 3 of Joseph’s colleagues at Smith Schafer CPAs Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joseph has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Lourdes Foundation, Inc. Rochester Area Chamber of Commerce Joseph has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Joseph has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication How Ag Producers Can Pay Themselves and Increase Liquidity Into Retirement Interests CliftonLarsonAllen Connect 2,032 members Saint Mary's University of Minnesota 19,059 followers Rochester Lourdes High School Alumni 167 members CliftonLarsonAllen 13,995 followers Smith Schafer CPAs 703 followers AgStar Financial Services ACA 2,610 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Furman, CPA Tax Manager at Deloitte Deloitte Tax LLP University of Connecticut School of Business Greater Philadelphia Area 278 278 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Philadelphia, PA 2003-2006, Deloitte Tax LLP (Tax Consultant)2006-2010, The Merion Cricket Club (Tennis Instructor)2010-Present, Deloitte Tax LLP (Sr. Tax Accountant) Education University of Connecticut School of Business Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 5 endorsements for CPA 5 CPA Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 3 endorsements for Tax Accounting 3 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Connecticut School of Business 27,694 followers Deloitte 2,201,925 followers University of Connecticut School of Business 27,258 followers
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Waddington, CPA CPA, Tax Adviser and Business Consultant Marcum LLP La Salle University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail More than 25 years of extensive experience assisting and consulting clients on numerous facets of tax/accounting reporting, compliance and planning along with tax controversies and business disputes. An active practitioner that advises a traditional client base consisting of closely held companies and their entrepreneurial owners and publically held companies. Assisted and represented clients in hundreds of tax audits, appeals and criminal investigations involving federal, state & local income tax, sales tax and corporate tax. Prior engagements have also included the analysis of documents and agreements in connection with the formation, operation, transfer and valuation of several hundred closely held business interests. His testimony as an expert in accounting/tax, business valuation and commercial damages, has been accepted on numerous occasions in various Courts (Federal, State, Bankruptcy, Orphan and Tax Courts) as well as arbitration, administrative and appellate review board proceedings. Specialties: Financial accounting and tax reporting and compliance, Civil and criminal tax controversies, Business Valuation, Estate planning, Acquisitions and dispositions, Qui tam related tax issues, Litigation support, White Collar Crime. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Marcum LLP Dates Employed Sep 1984 – Present Employment Duration 32 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Effective December 1, 2015, Smart Devine is now Marcum, LLP. Partner in the Firm's Advisory Practice. Responsible for financial statement/tax engagements and litigation cases involving specialized financial investigations and analysis of complex accounting and valuation related issues. Sample engagements include civil and criminal tax issues, business valuation services, loss of earnings, shareholder disputes, contract breaches, and accounting malpractice.Testimony has been accepted in the United States District Court; Eastern and Middle Districts of Pennsylvania; Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas - Bucks, Montgomery, Lancaster, Dauphin, Delaware, and Philadelphia Counties; Superior Court of New Jersey Chancery Division; Department of Health & Human Services; Pennsylvania Board of Revenue and Finance; United States Bankruptcy Court - Philadelphia; United States Tax Court; arbitration proceedings; and various administrative and appellate proceedings within the Internal Revenue Service. Assistant Manager - National Dealer Development. Company Name Subaru of America, Inc. Dates Employed 1982 – 1984 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New Jersey Conducted extensive investigation of prospective Subaru dealers. Investigation included all aspects of dealer operations such as financial condition, daily operations, market strategy, personnel and personal background of principal. Appointment of dealerships based upon a favorable investigation.Senior Tax AccountantResponsible for initial preparation of all individual state and consolidated federal tax returns for SOA and twenty-three subsidiaries, along with the analysis of federal and state tax accruals and research of specific tax issues as necessary. Education La Salle University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jerry Boggs President for Life March 1, 2012, Edward was a client of Jerry’s Jerry and Boggs Printing has been a long term printing vendor for our company who always provided quality service and product at a completive price. Accomplishments Interests Deloitte 2,201,925 followers Sigma Phi Lambda 190 members La Salle University 40,163 followers PwC 1,356,150 followers La Salle University 42,257 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,776 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gillian has a account Gillian Martin Consultant at New Prospect Consulting Limited NEW PROSPECT CONSULTING LIMITED University of Brighton West Sussex, United Kingdom, United Kingdom 314 314 connections Send InMail A highly experienced Finance Professional (FCA) and Management Consultant (MBA) who has worked in private, public and not for profit sectors. Provides high level management solutions for organisations experiencing change. Strong technical knowledge of IFRS, FRS 102 and charity SORP - freelance trainer for BPP Professional Education. Pension Scheme Trustee. Prince 2 Project Manager with experience of systems implementations including SAP, Sun Account and payroll systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Consultant Company Name NEW PROSPECT CONSULTING LIMITED Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Sussex Gillian jointly runs a consulting company which specialises in helping organisations through periods of change. She is currently enjoying a portfolio career combining consultancy, pensions work and training.Between 2013 and 2016 she worked with the charities Samaritans and Only Connect. She worked with Samaritans on change management projects and covering the Finance Director and Head of Finance roles. She helped Only Connect merge with a larger charity to ensure their valuable work in helping ex-offenders could continue.In 2013 she successfully supported L-3 Link Simulation & Training UK Ltd through a period of great change following its acquisition by a US parent. In 2012, she worked on a change management project for 3i-Infotech as a business consultant at a major UK factoring company. She has been a Member Nominated Trustee of the Applied Materials UK Pension Scheme since 2007.She has been a freelance trainer for BPP Professional Education since 2007 specialising in Pensions and IFRS courses. European Financial Controller Company Name Systagenix Wound Management Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Gatwick Systagenix designs, develops and manufactures wound care products. It is a private equity company. Itt has a turnover of around $210m and employs around 900 people globally. Gillian managed the Finance Team of around 20 people through a period of great change following the purchase of the company from Johnson & Johnson. Consultant Company Name MarrMartin Consulting Limited Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Sussex Consultancy firm specialising in interim management, financial consulting, accountancy services and training. Assigments included:Freelance lecturer for BPP Professional Education. Interim FD at Quorum - a start up factoring company based in Dusseldorf.Interim FD at Ricardo - see belowInterim FD at SEEDA - see below Interim Finance Director Company Name Ricardo Plc Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos Interim Finance Director for Ricardo UK Limited. Managed the UK Finance team (25 people) during a period of major change. Led an major project to improve processes and controls prior to SAP implementation Interim Finance Director Company Name SEEDA Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Interim FD of the South East England Development Agency See more positions Education University of Brighton Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 University of Sussex Degree Name BA Field Of Study English Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Volunteer Experience Mentor For BASE (Business, Accounting and Skills Education) 2015 Regional Heats Company Name ICAEW Dates volunteered Mar 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 4 mos Cause Education Mentored a team of young people through a business game giving them some experience of decision making in a dynamic business environment. Mentor Company Name The Aspire Foundation Dates volunteered Nov 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 8 mos Cause Education Mentor for The Aspire Foundation Mentoring Program. This program matches women currently developing a career with someone older (and hopefully wiser) who can help them steer a path through office politics, career development issues and generally help them achieve their objectives. Featured Skills & Endorsements Change Management See 32 endorsements for Change Management 32 Change Management Endorsed by 9 of Gillian’s colleagues at Acelity Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 32 endorsements for Finance 32 Finance Endorsed by Andy Eaton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Gillian’s colleagues at Acelity Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 26 endorsements for Forecasting 26 Forecasting Endorsed by 9 of Gillian’s colleagues at Acelity Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (8) Ward Sparrow Finance and Transition Specialist January 18, 2015, Ward managed Gillian directly Gillian learns very quickly and was swiftly able to master what was required to lead the finance function at Samaritans General Office and to develop it further. Her financial anaylsis and reporting skills are strong, both in written and verbal form. She has a sound appreciation of and feeling for risk and how to manage it. Her judgement is good and she is a strong and empathetic leader of teams; she helped pull together and lead the finance team as an effective unit, and recruit some additional skills to stengthen the team. She leaves this interim assignment with the team, processes and culture in good shape. Ray Sparham Managing Director at Sparham Consulting Limited April 19, 2014, Ray was senior to Gillian but didn’t manage directly Gillian became Controller and later Finance Director around the time when I was appointed MD of UK operations.Gillian was an excellent business partner, with expert and practical knowledge of many facets of business and finance, with an exceptional talent for being able to communicate complex issues in simple terms. She was always calm with a measured response to any crisis and everyone enjoyed working with her.Unfortunately, in 2007 it was decided to close the Applied Implant operation in the UK, and Gillian gained new experience, playing a key role and in the large task to execute the orderly, on-time and in-budget closure of the operation. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Richard Turner Senior Recruiter, Director at Hudson May 6, 2015, Gillian was a client of Richard’s I have worked with Richard for many years firstly at Applied Materials and later at Ricardo and Systagenix. He always listened carefully to our recruitment requirements and provided a shortlist of candidates who were suitable, well briefed and well presented. The selected candidates went on to have successful careers in those companies. I have always trusted Richard's judgement and found him personable and easy to work with. Vinod Sethuraman SAP Business Analyst - Finance October 29, 2014, Gillian was senior to Vinod but didn’t manage directly Vinod has a great knowledge of SAP and he made my life considerably easier when he joined Systagenix. He solved a number of problems for us and brought in new ideas and controls. I felt that the system was in capable hands with Vinod. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests University of Sussex 70,541 followers Samaritans 4,874 followers FinanceContractors - www.FinanceContractors.com 1,958 members University of Brighton 70,524 followers L3 182,255 followers University of Brighton 68,015 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Elliott, CPA Accounting Professional Southern Foods Group, LLC Radford University - College of Business and Economics Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Southern Foods Group, LLC Dates Employed May 2004 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Greensboro, NC Shareholder Company Name Delman & Company, CPAS Dates Employed Oct 1992 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Location Greensboro, NC Education Radford University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name B.B.A. Field Of Study Accounting Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Hotel/Restaurant Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Radford University - College of Business and Economics 4,215 followers Virginia Tech 200,572 followers Radford University - College of Business and Economics 4,207 followers Virginia Tech 195,217 followers
More Actions Emily has a account Emily Dean Manager, Multistate Tax Services at Deloitte Tax LLP Deloitte University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Charlotte, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Tax Services Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting - Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Undergraduate Teaching Assistant - Global Immersion Elective to South Africa University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Exercise and Sport Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Pi Beta Phi - Order of Omega - Global Dental Brigades Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Emily’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Emily’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 3 endorsements for General Ledger 3 General Ledger Laura Arias-Gomez and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emily has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards David E. Hoffman Memorial Award Recipient of the Blanchard Scholarship Regional Nominee - Jean Wirths Scott Leadership Award Emily has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests UNC Alumni 35,637 members Financial Times 2,244,773 followers UNC Kenan-Flagler Alumni 15,228 members NASBA 14,944 followers EY 1,748,769 followers UNC Kenan-Flagler MAC Alumni 866 members See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Bailey CPA at Stromberg & Stromberg, Lentz & Associates, Inc. Jon Stromberg & Co., Lentz & Associates, Inc. Eastern Washington University Bellingham, Washington Area 116 116 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Jon Stromberg & Co., Lentz & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos UH-60A/L/M Instructor Pilot Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Ft. Rucker, AL Flight Operations Officer Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo UH-60L Pilot-In-Command / Communications Security Officer Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Ft. Campbell, KY Certified Public Accountant Company Name Lentz & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Bellingham, WA Education Eastern Washington University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Football Featured Skills & Endorsements Military See 26 endorsements for Military 26 Military Endorsed by Eddie Rodriguez and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills Military Aviation See 25 endorsements for Military Aviation 25 Military Aviation Endorsed by Marc T. Stanley and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills General Aviation See 7 endorsements for General Aviation 7 General Aviation Endorsed by 6 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Keith has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Commercial Pilot - Rotorcraft Helicopter / Instrument Helicopter Certified Public Accountant Interests PHI Inc 6,993 followers L3 182,256 followers REACH Air Medical Services 2,155 followers Era Helicopters 6,895 followers Global Aerospace Logistics LLC (GAL) 18,421 followers United States University 191,973 followers See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O'Brien Executive Director, Global Tax, Treasury, and Risk Management at Springs Window Fashions Springs Window Fashions University of Cincinnati College of Business Greater Chicago Area 381 381 connections Send InMail Global Tax Executive with Global Treasury and Risk Management Expertise Accomplished and globally respected tax and treasury executive with over 20 years of corporate tax leadership experience in US and international tax accounting, compliance, audits, research and planning, controversy resolution and tax risk mitigation. Adept at developing and implementing defensible global treasury strategies to move cash between taxing jurisdictions with minimized tax impacts for both working capital and M&A needs. Experienced at leading the implementation of global software solutions aimed at enhancing global tax compliance, improving external reporting controls, and driving measurable reductions in corporate income and non-income tax obligations. A collaborative, hands on leader, skilled at addressing diverse business groups, strong mentoring skills (experienced at training and leading staff), and cogently defending leadership decisions to senior management. Possess excellent associative skills and partners well with operating personnel within the business units. Specialties: Global Tax, Treasury and Risk Management (Including Customs Compliance and Planning) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Director, Global Tax, Treasury, and Risk Management Company Name Springs Window Fashions Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Middleton, Wisconsin Owner/President Company Name PO'B Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Providing global pro bono financial consulting services including tax, treasury, risk management, customs, and country specific matters. Owner/President Company Name PO'B Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Provide pro bono financial consulting services to tax exempt charities.Provide pro bono financial consulting services to publicly traded and non publicly traded corporations Director, Global Taxes and Chief Tax Officer Company Name Joy Global, Inc. Dates Employed May 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Milwaukee, Wisconsin Global Tax LeaderKey Areas of Expertise• Tax and Treasury leadership of Mergers and Acquisitions – US based and Foreign based; $50 million to $1.4 billion• Income Tax Accounting (ASC 740 & FIN 48), APB 23, FAS 123R, FAS 142R, SFAS 144R, and SOX 404 compliance • Global Tax Research and Planning• Global Tax Credit Monetization (Foreign Tax, R&D, local tax credits and incentives)• Federal Production Deductions (IRC 199) and R&D Credits• Proactive Global Tax Compliance and Controversy Risk Minimization• Minimization of ASC 740 and Cash Tax Effective Tax Rates• Tax Department Restructure• Global Transfer Pricing – Planning, Risk Minimization, and Controversy Settlement Vice President, Global Tax Treasury and Risk Management Company Name Molex Incorporated Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos  Created the global corporate treasury, tax and risk management departments Identified and implemented financial strategies that have reduced FX risk. Reduced global tax rate from 39% to as low as 14%  Established a global insurance program that has levered on the Company’s global risk profile and significantly reduced global insurance expense. Directed and ensured continued compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley in the financial disciplines controlled; Tax Treasury and Risk Management. Successfully completed Sarbanes-Oxley first and subsequent year reviews in both the Global Tax and Treasury functions. Lead and direct the Company’s participation in the C-TPAT/ISA initiative with US Customs. Molex became a C-TPAT participant in August 2003. Lead and direct the Company’s C-TPAT validation of key foreign subsidiaries  Deal with US Customs audit on issues relating to prior disclosures. Lead and direct the Company’s standardization of record retention policy on a global basis. Lead and direct the Company’s standardization of Disaster Recovery Plans and Business Continuation Planning Key member of Company’s due diligence team that is involved in global M&A work ranging from $2 million to $1 billion projects Develop and make presentations to senior management and the Audit Committee. See more positions Education University of Cincinnati College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 3.9/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Activities and Societies: Taught Undergraduate Accounting whilst pursuing MBA. Taught undergraduate accounting while working on my MBA at UC. University of Cincinnati College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance and Business Management Grade 3.9/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Activities and Societies: Associate Professor Accounting at UC undergrad program whilst attending MBA program Delta Sigma Pi Member Tutoring program at UC undergrad Big Brothers Cincinnati YMCA supporter Lewis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Finance Grade 3.2/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Off Campus Club Worked on family farm whilst attending college. Also worked for small accounting firms to finance my education. See more education Volunteer Experience Assist with financial issues, staffing decisions Company Name Various Catholic Non Profit Organizations in my area Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Assist with various financial matter stemming from inventory controls to interviewing financial staff candidates Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 26 endorsements for Corporate Tax 26 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Andrew Newman and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 24 endorsements for Risk Management 24 Risk Management Endorsed by Keith Kremkow, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (8) Bert de Guzman Country Manager, CEO for US Region at United Overseas Bank January 24, 2015, Patrick was a client of Bert’s Patrick is a highly capable tax and treasury professional who knows his stuff. He assesses situations quickly and accurately, and is decisive in his execution. Kiki Thomas Videographer August 8, 2014, Kiki worked with Patrick in the same group An exceptional talent who was destined for great success as an actress in Theatre and directing Theatrical Events. James Forhan Principal at Groupon April 25, 2014, Patrick was a client of James’ Had the distinct pleasure to work with Jim. Great Tax Advisor. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Patrick has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Northwestern University Management Progarm While At USG Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Patrick has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tax Executives Institute ("TEI") Interests Quest Financial 6,394 followers Matson, Inc. 2,797 followers Infinisource Benefit Services 3,092 followers Sales Tax Cafe 4,877 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members Deloitte 2,201,926 followers See all See all following
More Actions Theresa has a account Theresa (Wells) Turner, CPA, MST Certified Public Accountant w/ Masters in Taxation Tax Happens LLC Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Theresa believes “Honesty & Integrity is the Cornerstone of Business“. Utilizing more than fifteen years of public accounting experience Theresa is a small business owner servicing small businesses and individuals. Theresa started Tax Happens to meet four distinct needs: (1) Upfront pricing, whenever possible, at reasonable rates with no surprise invoices. (2) Clear deadlines for the completion of all work. (3) Being personally available to all clients year round. (4) Empowering clients to do as much or as little as they desire. Theresa is passionate about the success of her clients and is an integral part of their business. Theresa previously worked with a large regional CPA firm in downtown Tampa, served with a Big Four Public Accounting firm and a mid-size, regional New York City firm. Earned Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Hofstra University and a Masters of Science in Taxation from St. John’s University. Licensed to practice as a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Colorado. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Theresa’s Articles 1,200 followers Independent Contractor (Self-Employed) or Employee? Theresa Turner, CPA, MST on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 24, 2015 See all articles Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Tax Happens LLC Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg area, florida Tax Happens LLC is a unique boutique-style CPA firm providing small businesses and individuals with HANDS ON, personalized tax and accounting services. We are located in Riverview FL. We also see clients virtually through out the United States and our military clients stationed all over the world utilizing e-mail, Drop Box, Face Time, Skype and telephone.We believe in EMPOWERING our clients to do as MUCH or as LITTLE as they desire thus finding a balance they can afford. Regardless of the services provided, from annual tax preparation to monthly and quarterly accounting / bookkeeping services and tax compliance, Theresa is always an integral part of her client’s small business or personal tax and accounting matters. She is just a phone call or email away anytime her clients need her.Tax Happens offers UPFRONT PRICING and works with clients so they can find the balance that is best for their business and budget thus allowing the smallest to the largest of clients to utilize our services.All work is completed timely and accurately and there are never any surprise fees or unexpected invoices.Tax Happens LLC is a CPA in Riverview FL and we also see clients at The Centre Club in Tampa. Media (2) This position has 2 media Tax Happns LLC CPA Advice and tips for small business and individuals Tax Happns LLC CPA Advice and tips for small business and individuals This media is a link Tax Happens, LLC Tax Happens, LLC This media is a link Domestic Tax Manager Company Name Sykes Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 400 N. Ashley Drive, Tampa, FL 33602 Foster parent Company Name Hillsborough Kids, Inc. Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Fostered and transitioned pregnant teens and teen moms. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Quality Distribution Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg, florida area Preparation and review of quarterly and annual income tax provision in accordance with ASC 740 (formerly FAS109)Facilitate preparation and review of all IFTA fuel tax and related fuel and mileage filingsResponsible for oversight, planning and problem solving of all fuel tax filings Preparation/review of State and Local Returns in approximately 40 states Preparation of all Federal Canadian returns and Canadian provisional returnsConduct various ad hoc researches and prepare technical tax memorandum for proper documentationAssist Vice President of Tax with various projects as needed Prepare for and handle tax notices and audits from numerous states, local and international jurisdictionsPreparation/review of all foreign tax matters for US income tax return - 5471s, 8858s, and 1118sReview all Sales Tax and Motor Fuel filings and reports Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Cherry, Bekaert & Holland Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg area, florida Heavy review of federal, state and local filings for stand alone and consolidated Corporation.Review of federal state and local filing for Partnerships, Individuals, Trusts and Not-for-Profit entities.Preparation of complex federal, state and local filings.Review and address federal, state and local tax notices and audits and prepare correspondence with supporting documentation. See more positions Education Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business Degree Name MS Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Accounting Society Obtained my Masters in Taxation from St. John's. Fortunately the Masters in Taxation at St. John's consists of two years of ALL tax law classes. The knowledge and understanding I obtained is far greater than I anticipated. Hofstra University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Accountanting Society, Volunteer Tax Preparer Holy Trinity Class of '89 Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Volunteer Experience Foster parent Company Name Hillsborough Kids, Inc. Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Cause Children Foster parent to pregnant teens and teen moms. Board Member Company Name The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Ambassador Company Name Working Women of Tampa Bay Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 119 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Theresa’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 97 endorsements for Corporate Tax 97 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Theresa’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 97 endorsements for Accounting 97 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Theresa’s colleagues at Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (28) Given (16) Jessica Rivelli Founder of Working Women - The Fastest Growing Women's Networking Group in Florida February 20, 2015, Jessica was a client of Theresa’s I love working with Theresa Wells. She makes my bookkeeping, payroll and taxes a breeze. I highly recommend her to any small business owner who needs to streamline their accounting and tax reporting. You won't regret it. Andrea Harrison Owner/Operator at Tantalizing Tablescapes & Decor October 23, 2014, Theresa worked with Andrea in the same group Theresa is a very supportive colleague and friend! She is hard working and cares about her clients. Theresa goes above and beyond in everything she does. Truly a great professional to have by your side. View 26 more recommendations View 26 more recommendations recommendations Heather Verbell Accounts Manager and Director of Human Resources November 13, 2014, Theresa was Heather’s mentor Heather is a delightful professional who excels at anything she undertakes. She is very efficient, stays on top of things, and is very reliable. She shows up with a smile and positive attitude ready, willing and able to conquer the task at hand. I recommend Heather without any reservations. Amy DeStefanis, MS MIS President, SLReflexions, Inc. October 25, 2014, Theresa was a client of Amy’s Amy is a very talented photographer and well versed in all aspects of the industry. She has photographed several events I have attended and some how manages to capture the true essence of the people and the events. She takes pride in her work and gives it her all. Additionally Amy finds time to give back and help non-profits lending her expertise to assist many animal rescue groups. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Theresa has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Riverview Our Town Inc The Riverview Woman's Club The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce Working Woman of Tampa Bay The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce The Centre For Woman Theresa has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Theresa has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Theresa has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Take a look at my blog Theresa has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication That Business Show with Jamie Meloni Interests Parker Tax Publishing 315 followers Friedman LLP 4,159 followers Cohen & Grieb, P.A. 42 followers Holy Trinity Diocesan High School 165 followers Accounting Technology (2383032) 14,088 members In Gear Career 515 followers See all See all following
More Actions Valentina has a account Valentina Shchur Tax Accountant at Bayer CropScience Bayer CropScience Academy of Statistics and audit Ukraine 99 99 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Bayer CropScience Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Education Academy of Statistics and audit Degree Name specialist Kiev Degree Name Higher education Field Of Study Рroficient Media (1) This position has 1 media Lviv Lviv This media is an image Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Valentina’s colleagues at Bayer Crop Science Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 5 endorsements for SAP 5 SAP Iryna Glushkevych and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Iryna Glushkevych and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Link Finance 46,067 members Link Accountant 23,871 members Bayer 712,810 followers Bayer Crop Science 157,147 followers BASF 565,836 followers Jobs for Accountants 234,902 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Furman, CPA Tax Manager at Deloitte Deloitte Tax LLP University of Connecticut School of Business Greater Philadelphia Area 278 278 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Tax LLP Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Philadelphia, PA 2003-2006, Deloitte Tax LLP (Tax Consultant)2006-2010, The Merion Cricket Club (Tennis Instructor)2010-Present, Deloitte Tax LLP (Sr. Tax Accountant) Education University of Connecticut School of Business Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 5 endorsements for CPA 5 CPA Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 3 endorsements for Tax Accounting 3 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Connecticut School of Business 27,258 followers Deloitte 2,201,926 followers University of Connecticut School of Business 27,694 followers
More Actions Carol has a account Carol Campbell Senior Tax Accountant at Spok USA Mobility Oak Park River Forest High School Greater Chicago Area 147 147 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name USA Mobility Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos Senior Accountant Company Name J E Robert Companies Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Accountant Company Name Camco, Inc Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Property Accountant Company Name Trizec Properties Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Property Accountant, Asst Controller Company Name Merchandise Mart Properties, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 1987 – Apr 1997 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo 7 years in Chgo, 3 in WDC See more positions Education Oak Park River Forest High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests USA Mobility 1,815 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O'Brien Executive Director, Global Tax, Treasury, and Risk Management at Springs Window Fashions Springs Window Fashions University of Cincinnati College of Business Greater Chicago Area 381 381 connections Send InMail Global Tax Executive with Global Treasury and Risk Management Expertise Accomplished and globally respected tax and treasury executive with over 20 years of corporate tax leadership experience in US and international tax accounting, compliance, audits, research and planning, controversy resolution and tax risk mitigation. Adept at developing and implementing defensible global treasury strategies to move cash between taxing jurisdictions with minimized tax impacts for both working capital and M&A needs. Experienced at leading the implementation of global software solutions aimed at enhancing global tax compliance, improving external reporting controls, and driving measurable reductions in corporate income and non-income tax obligations. A collaborative, hands on leader, skilled at addressing diverse business groups, strong mentoring skills (experienced at training and leading staff), and cogently defending leadership decisions to senior management. Possess excellent associative skills and partners well with operating personnel within the business units. Specialties: Global Tax, Treasury and Risk Management (Including Customs Compliance and Planning) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Director, Global Tax, Treasury, and Risk Management Company Name Springs Window Fashions Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Middleton, Wisconsin Owner/President Company Name PO'B Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Providing global pro bono financial consulting services including tax, treasury, risk management, customs, and country specific matters. Owner/President Company Name PO'B Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Provide pro bono financial consulting services to tax exempt charities.Provide pro bono financial consulting services to publicly traded and non publicly traded corporations Director, Global Taxes and Chief Tax Officer Company Name Joy Global, Inc. Dates Employed May 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Milwaukee, Wisconsin Global Tax LeaderKey Areas of Expertise• Tax and Treasury leadership of Mergers and Acquisitions – US based and Foreign based; $50 million to $1.4 billion• Income Tax Accounting (ASC 740 & FIN 48), APB 23, FAS 123R, FAS 142R, SFAS 144R, and SOX 404 compliance • Global Tax Research and Planning• Global Tax Credit Monetization (Foreign Tax, R&D, local tax credits and incentives)• Federal Production Deductions (IRC 199) and R&D Credits• Proactive Global Tax Compliance and Controversy Risk Minimization• Minimization of ASC 740 and Cash Tax Effective Tax Rates• Tax Department Restructure• Global Transfer Pricing – Planning, Risk Minimization, and Controversy Settlement Vice President, Global Tax Treasury and Risk Management Company Name Molex Incorporated Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos  Created the global corporate treasury, tax and risk management departments Identified and implemented financial strategies that have reduced FX risk. Reduced global tax rate from 39% to as low as 14%  Established a global insurance program that has levered on the Company’s global risk profile and significantly reduced global insurance expense. Directed and ensured continued compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley in the financial disciplines controlled; Tax Treasury and Risk Management. Successfully completed Sarbanes-Oxley first and subsequent year reviews in both the Global Tax and Treasury functions. Lead and direct the Company’s participation in the C-TPAT/ISA initiative with US Customs. Molex became a C-TPAT participant in August 2003. Lead and direct the Company’s C-TPAT validation of key foreign subsidiaries  Deal with US Customs audit on issues relating to prior disclosures. Lead and direct the Company’s standardization of record retention policy on a global basis. Lead and direct the Company’s standardization of Disaster Recovery Plans and Business Continuation Planning Key member of Company’s due diligence team that is involved in global M&A work ranging from $2 million to $1 billion projects Develop and make presentations to senior management and the Audit Committee. See more positions Education University of Cincinnati College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 3.9/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Activities and Societies: Taught Undergraduate Accounting whilst pursuing MBA. Taught undergraduate accounting while working on my MBA at UC. University of Cincinnati College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance and Business Management Grade 3.9/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Activities and Societies: Associate Professor Accounting at UC undergrad program whilst attending MBA program Delta Sigma Pi Member Tutoring program at UC undergrad Big Brothers Cincinnati YMCA supporter Lewis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Finance Grade 3.2/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1971 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Off Campus Club Worked on family farm whilst attending college. Also worked for small accounting firms to finance my education. See more education Volunteer Experience Assist with financial issues, staffing decisions Company Name Various Catholic Non Profit Organizations in my area Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Assist with various financial matter stemming from inventory controls to interviewing financial staff candidates Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Michael K. Williams and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 26 endorsements for Corporate Tax 26 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Andrew Newman and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 24 endorsements for Risk Management 24 Risk Management Endorsed by Keith Kremkow, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Patrick’s colleagues at Joy Global Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (8) Bert de Guzman Country Manager, CEO for US Region at United Overseas Bank January 24, 2015, Patrick was a client of Bert’s Patrick is a highly capable tax and treasury professional who knows his stuff. He assesses situations quickly and accurately, and is decisive in his execution. Kiki Thomas Videographer August 8, 2014, Kiki worked with Patrick in the same group An exceptional talent who was destined for great success as an actress in Theatre and directing Theatrical Events. James Forhan Principal at Groupon April 25, 2014, Patrick was a client of James’ Had the distinct pleasure to work with Jim. Great Tax Advisor. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Patrick has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Northwestern University Management Progarm While At USG Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Patrick has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tax Executives Institute ("TEI") Interests Parker and Lynch 71,483 followers Matson, Inc. 2,797 followers Century Group 8,980 followers University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business 38,145 followers Daley And Associates, LLC 10,335 followers KPMG US 455,539 followers See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Bailey CPA at Stromberg & Stromberg, Lentz & Associates, Inc. Jon Stromberg & Co., Lentz & Associates, Inc. Eastern Washington University Bellingham, Washington Area 116 116 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Jon Stromberg & Co., Lentz & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos UH-60A/L/M Instructor Pilot Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Ft. Rucker, AL Flight Operations Officer Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo UH-60L Pilot-In-Command / Communications Security Officer Company Name US Army Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Ft. Campbell, KY Certified Public Accountant Company Name Lentz & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Bellingham, WA Education Eastern Washington University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Football Featured Skills & Endorsements Military See 26 endorsements for Military 26 Military Endorsed by Eddie Rodriguez and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills Military Aviation See 25 endorsements for Military Aviation 25 Military Aviation Endorsed by Marc T. Stanley and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills General Aviation See 7 endorsements for General Aviation 7 General Aviation Endorsed by 6 of Keith’s colleagues at US Army Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Keith has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Commercial Pilot - Rotorcraft Helicopter / Instrument Helicopter Certified Public Accountant Interests PHI Inc 6,993 followers AMERICAN SYSTEMS 6,423 followers FlightSafety International 23,162 followers Global Aerospace Logistics LLC (GAL) 18,421 followers Era Helicopters 6,895 followers L3 182,257 followers See all See all following
More Actions Emily has a account Emily Dean Manager, Multistate Tax Services at Deloitte Tax LLP Deloitte University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Charlotte, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Tax Services Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting - Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Undergraduate Teaching Assistant - Global Immersion Elective to South Africa University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Exercise and Sport Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Pi Beta Phi - Order of Omega - Global Dental Brigades Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 5 endorsements for Tax 5 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Emily’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Emily’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 3 endorsements for General Ledger 3 General Ledger Laura Arias-Gomez and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emily has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards David E. Hoffman Memorial Award Recipient of the Blanchard Scholarship Regional Nominee - Jean Wirths Scott Leadership Award Emily has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests UNC Alumni 35,637 members EY Alumni 13,991 followers NASBA 14,944 followers Junior League of Miami 174 followers Harvard Business Review 4,257,336 followers Pi Beta Phi Fraternity 16,922 members See all See all following
More Actions Elton has a account Elton Barnes Owner, McNair Group McNair Group Grambling State University Greater Los Angeles Area 32 32 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name McNair Group Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Sr. Accountant Company Name County of Riverside Dates Employed Jul 1994 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 13 yrs 10 mos Headed Tax division in Central Payroll Education Grambling State University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Criminal Justice/Law Enforcement Administration Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Marching Band Mt. San Antonio College Degree Name Associate of Arts (A.A.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis C. Renee Bryant, M.D. and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 5 endorsements for Customer Service 5 Customer Service Kenneth Rhodes and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Banking See 4 endorsements for Banking 4 Banking Jazmyne Green and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mt. San Antonio College 35,118 followers Grambling State University 18,491 followers Grambling State University 17,882 followers Waste Management 77,953 followers Mt. San Antonio College 32,945 followers
More Actions Theresa has a account Theresa (Wells) Turner, CPA, MST Certified Public Accountant w/ Masters in Taxation Tax Happens LLC Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Theresa believes “Honesty & Integrity is the Cornerstone of Business“. Utilizing more than fifteen years of public accounting experience Theresa is a small business owner servicing small businesses and individuals. Theresa started Tax Happens to meet four distinct needs: (1) Upfront pricing, whenever possible, at reasonable rates with no surprise invoices. (2) Clear deadlines for the completion of all work. (3) Being personally available to all clients year round. (4) Empowering clients to do as much or as little as they desire. Theresa is passionate about the success of her clients and is an integral part of their business. Theresa previously worked with a large regional CPA firm in downtown Tampa, served with a Big Four Public Accounting firm and a mid-size, regional New York City firm. Earned Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Hofstra University and a Masters of Science in Taxation from St. John’s University. Licensed to practice as a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Colorado. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Theresa’s Articles 1,200 followers Independent Contractor (Self-Employed) or Employee? Theresa Turner, CPA, MST on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 24, 2015 See all articles Experience Certified Public Accountant Company Name Tax Happens LLC Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg area, florida Tax Happens LLC is a unique boutique-style CPA firm providing small businesses and individuals with HANDS ON, personalized tax and accounting services. We are located in Riverview FL. We also see clients virtually through out the United States and our military clients stationed all over the world utilizing e-mail, Drop Box, Face Time, Skype and telephone.We believe in EMPOWERING our clients to do as MUCH or as LITTLE as they desire thus finding a balance they can afford. Regardless of the services provided, from annual tax preparation to monthly and quarterly accounting / bookkeeping services and tax compliance, Theresa is always an integral part of her client’s small business or personal tax and accounting matters. She is just a phone call or email away anytime her clients need her.Tax Happens offers UPFRONT PRICING and works with clients so they can find the balance that is best for their business and budget thus allowing the smallest to the largest of clients to utilize our services.All work is completed timely and accurately and there are never any surprise fees or unexpected invoices.Tax Happens LLC is a CPA in Riverview FL and we also see clients at The Centre Club in Tampa. Media (2) This position has 2 media Tax Happns LLC CPA Advice and tips for small business and individuals Tax Happns LLC CPA Advice and tips for small business and individuals This media is a link Tax Happens, LLC Tax Happens, LLC This media is a link Domestic Tax Manager Company Name Sykes Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 400 N. Ashley Drive, Tampa, FL 33602 Foster parent Company Name Hillsborough Kids, Inc. Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Fostered and transitioned pregnant teens and teen moms. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Quality Distribution Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg, florida area Preparation and review of quarterly and annual income tax provision in accordance with ASC 740 (formerly FAS109)Facilitate preparation and review of all IFTA fuel tax and related fuel and mileage filingsResponsible for oversight, planning and problem solving of all fuel tax filings Preparation/review of State and Local Returns in approximately 40 states Preparation of all Federal Canadian returns and Canadian provisional returnsConduct various ad hoc researches and prepare technical tax memorandum for proper documentationAssist Vice President of Tax with various projects as needed Prepare for and handle tax notices and audits from numerous states, local and international jurisdictionsPreparation/review of all foreign tax matters for US income tax return - 5471s, 8858s, and 1118sReview all Sales Tax and Motor Fuel filings and reports Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Cherry, Bekaert & Holland Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location tampa/st. petersburg area, florida Heavy review of federal, state and local filings for stand alone and consolidated Corporation.Review of federal state and local filing for Partnerships, Individuals, Trusts and Not-for-Profit entities.Preparation of complex federal, state and local filings.Review and address federal, state and local tax notices and audits and prepare correspondence with supporting documentation. See more positions Education Saint John's University - Peter J. Tobin College of Business Degree Name MS Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Accounting Society Obtained my Masters in Taxation from St. John's. Fortunately the Masters in Taxation at St. John's consists of two years of ALL tax law classes. The knowledge and understanding I obtained is far greater than I anticipated. Hofstra University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Accountanting Society, Volunteer Tax Preparer Holy Trinity Class of '89 Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Volunteer Experience Foster parent Company Name Hillsborough Kids, Inc. Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Cause Children Foster parent to pregnant teens and teen moms. Board Member Company Name The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Ambassador Company Name Working Women of Tampa Bay Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 119 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Theresa’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 97 endorsements for Corporate Tax 97 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ken Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Theresa’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 97 endorsements for Accounting 97 Accounting Endorsed by Ken Chin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Theresa’s colleagues at Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (28) Given (16) Jessica Rivelli Founder of Working Women - The Fastest Growing Women's Networking Group in Florida February 20, 2015, Jessica was a client of Theresa’s I love working with Theresa Wells. She makes my bookkeeping, payroll and taxes a breeze. I highly recommend her to any small business owner who needs to streamline their accounting and tax reporting. You won't regret it. Andrea Harrison Owner/Operator at Tantalizing Tablescapes & Decor October 23, 2014, Theresa worked with Andrea in the same group Theresa is a very supportive colleague and friend! She is hard working and cares about her clients. Theresa goes above and beyond in everything she does. Truly a great professional to have by your side. View 26 more recommendations View 26 more recommendations recommendations Heather Verbell Accounts Manager and Director of Human Resources November 13, 2014, Theresa was Heather’s mentor Heather is a delightful professional who excels at anything she undertakes. She is very efficient, stays on top of things, and is very reliable. She shows up with a smile and positive attitude ready, willing and able to conquer the task at hand. I recommend Heather without any reservations. Amy DeStefanis, MS MIS President, SLReflexions, Inc. October 25, 2014, Theresa was a client of Amy’s Amy is a very talented photographer and well versed in all aspects of the industry. She has photographed several events I have attended and some how manages to capture the true essence of the people and the events. She takes pride in her work and gives it her all. Additionally Amy finds time to give back and help non-profits lending her expertise to assist many animal rescue groups. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Theresa has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Riverview Our Town Inc The Riverview Woman's Club The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce Working Woman of Tampa Bay The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce The Centre For Woman Theresa has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Theresa has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Theresa has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Take a look at my blog Theresa has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication That Business Show with Jamie Meloni Interests St. John's University, The Peter J. Tobin College of Business 10,105 followers Diace Designs, Inc. 32 followers Centre Club, Tampa 684 members Integration with QuickBooks and 3rd Party Apps 2,464 members Woman Owned Small Business - WOSB 1,047 members APPify the Processes - Apps & Add ons for QuickBooks Cloud Accountants CPAs Bookkeepers 175 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Goldstick CPA at Goldstick Tax Services, LLC Goldstick Tax Services, LLC University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Scottsdale, Arizona 172 172 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CPA Company Name Goldstick Tax Services, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Scottsdale, AZ Specializing in Taxation of Professional Athletes and High Net Worth Individuals Chief Financial Officer Company Name Priority Sports & Entertainment Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 13 yrs 11 mos Partner Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Dec 2001 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 New Trier West High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1975 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sports Management See 9 endorsements for Sports Management 9 Sports Management Allan Kandelman and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Allan Kandelman and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sports Marketing See 7 endorsements for Sports Marketing 7 Sports Marketing Bernie Asher and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Robert Goldstick Associate Recruiter at RL Canning Inc. October 17, 2013, Mark was a client of Robert’s Accomplishments Mark has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication New Yorker Magazine Interests CPAs 18,900 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 342,779 followers Priority Sports & Entertainment 4,190 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 331,196 followers Sports Executives Connection | Business | Management | Marketing | Operations | Finance | Investment 49,193 members
More Actions William has a account William McReynolds Owner, tax & business services of virginia tax & business services of virginia Richmond, Virginia Area 15 15 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name tax & business services of virginia Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Ernest Patrick has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ernest Patrick Smith Senior Partner, Nawrocki Smith, LLP-Certified Public Accountants and Business Consultants Nawrocki Smith, LLP Hofstra University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Partner - Assurance, Risk Management, Forensic Accounting/ Business Valuation and Dispute Resolution ServicesGeneral Background: Since 1989, Mr. Smith has focused his career entirely on internal auditing, investigative auditing, measurement of damages, business valuation and dispute resolution services. He has diversified experience in matters pertaining to loss of earnings, business valuation, bankruptcy, fidelity losses and fraud. He has participated in over one thousand intensive investigations regarding fraud, embezzlement, loss of earnings, business valuations and other related issues. He has provided assistance to counsel, deposition testimony, grand jury and trial testimony in all aspects of litigation-related matters including mediation, arbitration and litigation. He has been recognized as an expert witness in accounting/auditing related matters in both federal and state courts. Specialties: Forensic Accounting, Litigation Support, Internal Audit, Fidelity Losses and Fraud Investigation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Nawrocki Smith, LLP Dates Employed 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs Senior Partner Company Name Nawrocki Smith, LLP Dates Employed 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs Director/Treasurer Company Name Bayport-Blue Point Youth Lacrosse Program Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 13 yrs 9 mos Staff Auditor/Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen & Company LLP Dates Employed Jan 1984 – Jan 1987 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education Hofstra University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business Administration; Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Activities and Societies: At Hofstra, I was a very good student and was an active member of Beta Alpha Psi, the foremost Honorary Fraternity for Accounting majors. I was also active as a student for many students both those majoring and not majoring in accounting. Volunteer Experience Trustee/Finance Committee member Company Name Our Lady of the Snow Dates volunteered Jan 1998 – Jan 1998 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services I have been invloved in both the financial/operational apects of the Parish of Our Lady of the Snow as well as a participating member of several ministries including Parish Outreach, Eucharistic Minister and Lecture. Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 31 endorsements for Auditing 31 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Ernest Patrick’s colleagues at Nawrocki Smith, LLP Endorsed by 7 people who know Auditing Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 31 endorsements for Risk Management 31 Risk Management Endorsed by Donna Conticchio and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 15 endorsements for Accounting 15 Accounting Venise Mule-Glass and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Douglas Johnson Experienced Commercial Litigation Attorney at Earp Cohn P.C. February 1, 2013, Douglas was a client of Ernest Patrick’s Ernie is a top notch litigation consultant and expert witness. He is thorough, accurate and extremely capable of conveying accounting concepts and information to lay people like jurors. I have a very high degree of confidence in Ernie's work, who always goes the extra mile, and uncovers every stone, to ensure that we are successful in litigation. Alan Fridkin Retired June 14, 2010, Alan was a client of Ernest Patrick’s The financial aspects of disability claims involving family businesses is a minefield of subjective data. Ernie is a virtuoso in getting to the heart of the issues and fairly assessing reasonable disability related losses. He is a fearless and credible witness in depositions and trial. If you are going to take the case all the way, it is a significant plus to have Ernie on your side. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests William De VijlderWilliam De Vijlder is a LinkedIn Influencer Group Chief Economist BNP Paribas, Senior Lecturer Ghent University 823,099 followers Teresa A. White, Attorney at Law 11 followers Hofstra University 83,621 followers IIA, Long Island Chapter #241 196 members Turnaround Management Association (Official) 9,216 members Eastern Claims Conference 1,652 members See all See all following
More Actions Arthur has a account Arthur Milstein, EA Accountant Milstein and Associates, Inc. The University of Connecticut Edison, New Jersey 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Milstein and Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos Location Edison NJ Family owned business has been running since the 1970's. Milstein and Associates was started in 2004. We provide all services in the field of accounting. Personal and Corporate Tax Returns, Payroll, Incorporating (the full process),Bookeeping, Budgets, Audits, and Tax Planning. Accepting new clients via referrals only. Education The University of Connecticut Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bookkeeping See 22 endorsements for Bookkeeping 22 Bookkeeping Anthony Petrelli and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Brian Lover and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 17 endorsements for Tax Returns 17 Tax Returns Brian Lover and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Connecticut 149,130 followers University of Connecticut 141,431 followers
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Dawson CPA, CFP(R) Douglas W. Dawson, CPA University of Denver Washington D.C. Metro Area 228 228 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Douglas W. Dawson, CPA Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Tax Director Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos I was a tax director in the private client services group. Tax Manager Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by Robert Hottle, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 12 endorsements for Tax Research 12 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 10 endorsements for Tax Accounting 10 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Niels Thomas Incoming Audit Staff with Moss Adams | nielsthomas1990@gmail.com May 7, 2012, Doug managed Niels directly Niels was a very hard working and conscientious employee of Ecolog, Inc.. He took ownership of the bookkeeping responsibilities. He followed up with local management, vendors and the parent company on various matters. He was attentive to details and asked good questions as appropriate. He was organized and thoughtful in his approach to organizing the company’s records. He was pleasant to work with and professional in his interactions with others. I recommend Niels for an administrative or bookkeeping assistant position. Lisa Del Sordi Senior Associate at The Trust Company of Virginia November 21, 2009, Lisa worked with Doug in the same group As a tax coordinator at KPMG, Lisa consistently made sure that tax returns were processed timely and accurately. She was willing to put in the necessary time to help our team meet deadlines, and took ownership for her part of the process. I truly enjoyed working with Lisa as she was very dependable, competent and hard working. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests University of Denver 84,893 followers University of Denver 76,523 followers Anne L. Stone & Associates, LLC 19 followers
More Actions Leslie has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Leslie Bouldin Chief Operating Officer at Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC | CPA Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC University of Tennessee at Martin Memphis, Tennessee 261 261 connections InMail Proven leader thriving in cultures where embracing change is vital for continued profitability and success by - Contributing innovative ideas - Implementing new and improved processes - Ensuring buy-in from team members and end users - Resulting in improved profits through optimized processes and engaged team members See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Leslie’s Activity 262 followers Girl Scouts can start earning cybersecurity badges in fall 2018 Leslie liked Meet our Interns: Summer 2017 Leslie liked Great turnout of staff and students. Learning about leadership. Leslie liked See all activity Experience Chief Operating Officer Company Name Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC Dates Employed May 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 2 mos Member of senior management team leading the firm in the areas of talent acquisition and retention, performance management, professional development, risk management, financial oversight, marketing, and technology. Manager Corporate Acctg & Reporting | Manager Tax Compliance Company Name Harrah's Entertainment Dates Employed Dec 1989 – May 1996 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Manager Corporate Accounting and ReportingLeveraged industry knowledge and process skills in newly formed department, Corporate Accounting & Reporting for Riverboat and Indian Casinos. Used team-building skills to bring new department together in this new endeavor. Honed people skills and was selected for facilitator training to help deliver new-hire orientation presentations. Responsible for hiring, training, coaching, performance evaluations, and salary recommendations. Continued to develop skills in accounting and reporting while learning the riverboat and Indian gaming part of the industry. Developed relationships with Controllers at each gaming property while assisting with their corporate reporting.Manager Tax ComplianceAdded value through technical knowledge and optimized processes delivering reporting required for accounting for income taxes including SEC reporting, annual shareholder report and complex consolidated tax compliance filings for federal and states. Developed understanding of the hotel and gaming industries as well as related tax laws. Selected to lead the team implementing FAS 109, accounting for income taxes, working with the external auditors and each gaming property to gather data to restate their income tax assets and liabilities. This required working with controllers at each property, gathering data and making complex calculations. Tax Compliance & Financial Reporting Company Name The Hamric Law Firm Dates Employed Sep 1986 – Dec 1989 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Provided tax and family office services to high net worth individuals and their professional service business clients of this boutique law firm. Senior Accounting & Tax Accountant Company Name Holiday Corporation/Perkins Restaurants Dates Employed Jun 1984 – Oct 1986 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Led accounting team after relocation of corporate office to Memphis and through time of ownership transition by training and engaging staff and integrating financial and tax reporting with publicly-traded parent company. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official Dates Employed Jan 1982 – Jun 1984 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Successfully worked with high net worth individual and business clients providing tax compliance and consulting through development of technical tax and accounting skills, client relationship skills, and team building skills. Education University of Tennessee at Martin Degree Name BS Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Phi Chi Theta - Professional Business Fraternity | Phi Kappa Phi - Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Renee DeGutis and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Kenneth Jones and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 5 endorsements for Financial Reporting 5 Financial Reporting Charles Edmonds and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leslie has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations University of Memphis Complete Professional Program Advisory Board University of Memphis RBG Accounting Careers of Tomorrow Program University of Memphis School of Accountancy Advisory Board Allinial Global University of Memphis MILE Program University of Memphis - Fogelman College of Business and Economics University of Memphis Professional Development Center - Women in Action Program Leslie has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Development Dimensions International | Facilitator Certification McQuaig Institute | Talent Assessment, Employee & Leadership Development Myers-Briggs (MBTI) | Personality Type Inventory Instrument Predictive Index | Predictor of primary personality characteristics and cognitive ability Toastmasters International | Competent Communicator Interests Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC 322 followers milewalk 211 followers Brené BrownBrené Brown is a LinkedIn Influencer Research Professor | University of Houston | Huffington - Brené Brown Endowed Chair 84,187 followers John RyanJohn Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer President & CEO at Center for Creative Leadership 122,630 followers Greg McKeownGreg McKeown is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times Bestselling Author 264,231 followers Susan CainSusan Cain is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-founder and Chief Revolutionary at Quiet Revolution 1,043,423 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Calabrese, CPA, MST Private Equity Tax Compliance Professional Deloitte Fordham Gabelli School of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As a tax compliance professional, I specialize in the taxation of investment management partnerships. I typically service private equity clients that have AUM ranging from $500 million to $10 billion. I manage teams in the US and India to complete the tax compliance of federal, state, and international filings I possess a strong understanding of tax allocations related to waterfall calculations, targeted distribution models, carried interest, hurdle rates, and management fee waivers. Additionally, I have experience with blocker corporations, fund of funds, UBTI/ECI calculations, foreign withholding requirements, and state non-resident withholding payments. I obtained a Bachelors of Science in Accounting & Finance at Towson University and received my Masters of Science in Taxation at Fordham University. I began my career working at RSM (f/k/a McGladrey) for 3 years between New York and Boston focusing on clients in the investment management industry. I joined Deloitte as a Tax Senior Associate in January, 2016 where I focus on the taxation of private equity clients. I am a member of the AICPA and am a licensed CPA in both MA and NY. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Boston Tax Supervisor Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Greater Boston Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Promoted to Senior Associate Tax Intern Company Name McGladrey Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Finance Intern Company Name Parkway Capital Investors Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Towson, MD • Analyzed monthly financial statements and performed ongoing due diligence to monitor investments.• Updated models as necessary and communicated changes to the firm partners orally and in writing. • Presented research reports of potential investment opportunities to company directors. Presentations included an evaluation of financial condition along with an internal and external risk analysis. • Examined financial ratios to monitor loan covenants and verify compliance with existing agreements. See more positions Education Fordham Gabelli School of Business Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.8 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Business Coursework Includes:• Partnership Tax, International Corporate Tax, Estate & Gift Tax• Corporate Tax Planning, Current Problems in Tax• Forensic Accounting, Civil & Criminal Tax Enforcement Towson University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 3.8 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Bega Gamma Sigma, Towson University Investment Group, Financial Management Association, VITA Baltimore Cash Campaign, Accounting Club Graduated Suma Cum LaudeDeans List 7 of 7 semestersBusiness Coursework Includes:• Intermediate & Advanced Accounting• Audit, Tax I & II, Cost Accounting• Corporate Finance I & II, Equities & Fixed Income• International Finance, International Business• Business Law I & II, Information Systems Media (1) This position has 1 media Towson University Alumni Magazine - Winter 2013 Towson University Alumni Magazine - Winter 2013 This media is an image Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Project Sunshine Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Tax Accountant Company Name Integrated Heritage Project Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 3 mos Cause Arts and Culture Integrated Heritage Project (IHP) seeks to protect, preserve, and promote endangered heritage sites in developing countries while strengthening local communities. As the charity's tax accountant, my main responsibility is to ensure the organization is filing the necessary tax forms with the IRS. Since the organization is in the infancy of it's business cycle, my responsibilities have expanded to creating project budgets, maintaining financial statements, and advising the CEO on financial decisions.More information on the charity can be found at http://www.integratedheritage.org/ Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 1 endorsement for Private Equity 1 Private Equity Michael J. Harbut has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds Hedge Funds No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 29 endorsements for Accounting 29 Accounting Endorsed by John Evans 1 and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations Greater Boston Young Professionals Network Massachusetts Society of CPAs Beta Gamma Sigma Financial Management Association Beta Alpha Psi Towson University Investment Group Baltimore Cash Campaign Michael has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards CBE Board of Advisors Scholarship CFA Scholarship Academic Competitive Grant Provost Scholarship AP Scholar with Honor Award Michael has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA CPA Interests Gemini Fund Services 1,384 followers Deloitte 2,201,927 followers Private Equity Networking 69,927 members CPA & Business Professional Group 79,166 members The Wall Street Journal 2,530,736 followers Tesla 1,031,379 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ernest Patrick has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ernest Patrick Smith Senior Partner, Nawrocki Smith, LLP-Certified Public Accountants and Business Consultants Nawrocki Smith, LLP Hofstra University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Partner - Assurance, Risk Management, Forensic Accounting/ Business Valuation and Dispute Resolution ServicesGeneral Background: Since 1989, Mr. Smith has focused his career entirely on internal auditing, investigative auditing, measurement of damages, business valuation and dispute resolution services. He has diversified experience in matters pertaining to loss of earnings, business valuation, bankruptcy, fidelity losses and fraud. He has participated in over one thousand intensive investigations regarding fraud, embezzlement, loss of earnings, business valuations and other related issues. He has provided assistance to counsel, deposition testimony, grand jury and trial testimony in all aspects of litigation-related matters including mediation, arbitration and litigation. He has been recognized as an expert witness in accounting/auditing related matters in both federal and state courts. Specialties: Forensic Accounting, Litigation Support, Internal Audit, Fidelity Losses and Fraud Investigation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Nawrocki Smith, LLP Dates Employed 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs Senior Partner Company Name Nawrocki Smith, LLP Dates Employed 1987 – Present Employment Duration 30 yrs Director/Treasurer Company Name Bayport-Blue Point Youth Lacrosse Program Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 13 yrs 9 mos Staff Auditor/Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen & Company LLP Dates Employed Jan 1984 – Jan 1987 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education Hofstra University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business Administration; Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Activities and Societies: At Hofstra, I was a very good student and was an active member of Beta Alpha Psi, the foremost Honorary Fraternity for Accounting majors. I was also active as a student for many students both those majoring and not majoring in accounting. Volunteer Experience Trustee/Finance Committee member Company Name Our Lady of the Snow Dates volunteered Jan 1998 – Jan 1998 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services I have been invloved in both the financial/operational apects of the Parish of Our Lady of the Snow as well as a participating member of several ministries including Parish Outreach, Eucharistic Minister and Lecture. Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 31 endorsements for Auditing 31 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Ernest Patrick’s colleagues at Nawrocki Smith, LLP Endorsed by 7 people who know Auditing Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 31 endorsements for Risk Management 31 Risk Management Endorsed by Donna Conticchio and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 15 endorsements for Accounting 15 Accounting Venise Mule-Glass and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Douglas Johnson Experienced Commercial Litigation Attorney at Earp Cohn P.C. February 1, 2013, Douglas was a client of Ernest Patrick’s Ernie is a top notch litigation consultant and expert witness. He is thorough, accurate and extremely capable of conveying accounting concepts and information to lay people like jurors. I have a very high degree of confidence in Ernie's work, who always goes the extra mile, and uncovers every stone, to ensure that we are successful in litigation. Alan Fridkin Retired June 14, 2010, Alan was a client of Ernest Patrick’s The financial aspects of disability claims involving family businesses is a minefield of subjective data. Ernie is a virtuoso in getting to the heart of the issues and fairly assessing reasonable disability related losses. He is a fearless and credible witness in depositions and trial. If you are going to take the case all the way, it is a significant plus to have Ernie on your side. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Business Valuation & Advisory Network 25,345 members Nawrocki Smith, LLP 147 followers Eastern Claims Conference 1,652 members Turnaround Management Association (Official) 9,216 members William De VijlderWilliam De Vijlder is a LinkedIn Influencer Group Chief Economist BNP Paribas, Senior Lecturer Ghent University 823,100 followers Hofstra University 81,510 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leslie has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Leslie Bouldin Chief Operating Officer at Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC | CPA Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC University of Tennessee at Martin Memphis, Tennessee 261 261 connections InMail Proven leader thriving in cultures where embracing change is vital for continued profitability and success by - Contributing innovative ideas - Implementing new and improved processes - Ensuring buy-in from team members and end users - Resulting in improved profits through optimized processes and engaged team members See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Leslie’s Activity 262 followers Girl Scouts can start earning cybersecurity badges in fall 2018 Leslie liked Meet our Interns: Summer 2017 Leslie liked Great turnout of staff and students. Learning about leadership. Leslie liked See all activity Experience Chief Operating Officer Company Name Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck PLC Dates Employed May 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 2 mos Member of senior management team leading the firm in the areas of talent acquisition and retention, performance management, professional development, risk management, financial oversight, marketing, and technology. Manager Corporate Acctg & Reporting | Manager Tax Compliance Company Name Harrah's Entertainment Dates Employed Dec 1989 – May 1996 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Manager Corporate Accounting and ReportingLeveraged industry knowledge and process skills in newly formed department, Corporate Accounting & Reporting for Riverboat and Indian Casinos. Used team-building skills to bring new department together in this new endeavor. Honed people skills and was selected for facilitator training to help deliver new-hire orientation presentations. Responsible for hiring, training, coaching, performance evaluations, and salary recommendations. Continued to develop skills in accounting and reporting while learning the riverboat and Indian gaming part of the industry. Developed relationships with Controllers at each gaming property while assisting with their corporate reporting.Manager Tax ComplianceAdded value through technical knowledge and optimized processes delivering reporting required for accounting for income taxes including SEC reporting, annual shareholder report and complex consolidated tax compliance filings for federal and states. Developed understanding of the hotel and gaming industries as well as related tax laws. Selected to lead the team implementing FAS 109, accounting for income taxes, working with the external auditors and each gaming property to gather data to restate their income tax assets and liabilities. This required working with controllers at each property, gathering data and making complex calculations. Tax Compliance & Financial Reporting Company Name The Hamric Law Firm Dates Employed Sep 1986 – Dec 1989 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Provided tax and family office services to high net worth individuals and their professional service business clients of this boutique law firm. Senior Accounting & Tax Accountant Company Name Holiday Corporation/Perkins Restaurants Dates Employed Jun 1984 – Oct 1986 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Led accounting team after relocation of corporate office to Memphis and through time of ownership transition by training and engaging staff and integrating financial and tax reporting with publicly-traded parent company. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen (1885 -> 2002) Official Dates Employed Jan 1982 – Jun 1984 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Successfully worked with high net worth individual and business clients providing tax compliance and consulting through development of technical tax and accounting skills, client relationship skills, and team building skills. Education University of Tennessee at Martin Degree Name BS Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Phi Chi Theta - Professional Business Fraternity | Phi Kappa Phi - Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Renee DeGutis and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Kenneth Jones and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 5 endorsements for Financial Reporting 5 Financial Reporting Charles Edmonds and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leslie has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations University of Memphis Complete Professional Program Advisory Board University of Memphis RBG Accounting Careers of Tomorrow Program University of Memphis School of Accountancy Advisory Board Allinial Global University of Memphis MILE Program University of Memphis - Fogelman College of Business and Economics University of Memphis Professional Development Center - Women in Action Program Leslie has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Development Dimensions International | Facilitator Certification McQuaig Institute | Talent Assessment, Employee & Leadership Development Myers-Briggs (MBTI) | Personality Type Inventory Instrument Predictive Index | Predictor of primary personality characteristics and cognitive ability Toastmasters International | Competent Communicator Interests Dr. Marla GottschalkDr. Marla Gottschalk is a LinkedIn Influencer Industrial & Organizational Psychologist | Consultant 1,511,130 followers Weebly 6,227 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,514,651 followers Porter Keadle Moore 1,089 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,737 followers The Bank of Fayette County 126 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arthur has a account Arthur Milstein, EA Accountant Milstein and Associates, Inc. The University of Connecticut Edison, New Jersey 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Milstein and Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos Location Edison NJ Family owned business has been running since the 1970's. Milstein and Associates was started in 2004. We provide all services in the field of accounting. Personal and Corporate Tax Returns, Payroll, Incorporating (the full process),Bookeeping, Budgets, Audits, and Tax Planning. Accepting new clients via referrals only. Education The University of Connecticut Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bookkeeping See 22 endorsements for Bookkeeping 22 Bookkeeping Anthony Petrelli and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Brian Lover and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 17 endorsements for Tax Returns 17 Tax Returns Brian Lover and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Connecticut 141,431 followers University of Connecticut 149,130 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Calabrese, CPA, MST Private Equity Tax Compliance Professional Deloitte Fordham Gabelli School of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As a tax compliance professional, I specialize in the taxation of investment management partnerships. I typically service private equity clients that have AUM ranging from $500 million to $10 billion. I manage teams in the US and India to complete the tax compliance of federal, state, and international filings I possess a strong understanding of tax allocations related to waterfall calculations, targeted distribution models, carried interest, hurdle rates, and management fee waivers. Additionally, I have experience with blocker corporations, fund of funds, UBTI/ECI calculations, foreign withholding requirements, and state non-resident withholding payments. I obtained a Bachelors of Science in Accounting & Finance at Towson University and received my Masters of Science in Taxation at Fordham University. I began my career working at RSM (f/k/a McGladrey) for 3 years between New York and Boston focusing on clients in the investment management industry. I joined Deloitte as a Tax Senior Associate in January, 2016 where I focus on the taxation of private equity clients. I am a member of the AICPA and am a licensed CPA in both MA and NY. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Boston Tax Supervisor Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Greater Boston Area Tax Senior Associate Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Promoted to Senior Associate Tax Intern Company Name McGladrey Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Finance Intern Company Name Parkway Capital Investors Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Towson, MD • Analyzed monthly financial statements and performed ongoing due diligence to monitor investments.• Updated models as necessary and communicated changes to the firm partners orally and in writing. • Presented research reports of potential investment opportunities to company directors. Presentations included an evaluation of financial condition along with an internal and external risk analysis. • Examined financial ratios to monitor loan covenants and verify compliance with existing agreements. See more positions Education Fordham Gabelli School of Business Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.8 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Business Coursework Includes:• Partnership Tax, International Corporate Tax, Estate & Gift Tax• Corporate Tax Planning, Current Problems in Tax• Forensic Accounting, Civil & Criminal Tax Enforcement Towson University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 3.8 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Bega Gamma Sigma, Towson University Investment Group, Financial Management Association, VITA Baltimore Cash Campaign, Accounting Club Graduated Suma Cum LaudeDeans List 7 of 7 semestersBusiness Coursework Includes:• Intermediate & Advanced Accounting• Audit, Tax I & II, Cost Accounting• Corporate Finance I & II, Equities & Fixed Income• International Finance, International Business• Business Law I & II, Information Systems Media (1) This position has 1 media Towson University Alumni Magazine - Winter 2013 Towson University Alumni Magazine - Winter 2013 This media is an image Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Project Sunshine Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Tax Accountant Company Name Integrated Heritage Project Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 3 mos Cause Arts and Culture Integrated Heritage Project (IHP) seeks to protect, preserve, and promote endangered heritage sites in developing countries while strengthening local communities. As the charity's tax accountant, my main responsibility is to ensure the organization is filing the necessary tax forms with the IRS. Since the organization is in the infancy of it's business cycle, my responsibilities have expanded to creating project budgets, maintaining financial statements, and advising the CEO on financial decisions.More information on the charity can be found at http://www.integratedheritage.org/ Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 1 endorsement for Private Equity 1 Private Equity Michael J. Harbut has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds Hedge Funds No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 29 endorsements for Accounting 29 Accounting Endorsed by John Evans 1 and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations Greater Boston Young Professionals Network Massachusetts Society of CPAs Beta Gamma Sigma Financial Management Association Beta Alpha Psi Towson University Investment Group Baltimore Cash Campaign Michael has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards CBE Board of Advisors Scholarship CFA Scholarship Academic Competitive Grant Provost Scholarship AP Scholar with Honor Award Michael has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CPA CPA Interests Fordham Gabelli School of Business 20,117 followers Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 537,278 followers CNNMoney 1,147,925 followers Fordham University 97,440 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,700 members Towson University Professional Network 3,363 members See all See all following
More Actions Rebecca has a account Rebecca Johnson Tax Manager at DAS UK Group DAS UK Group Fellow of the Association of Certified Chartered Accountants Dinder, Somerset, United Kingdom 262 262 connections Send InMail 25 years of experience covering auditing, accounting, tax, risk and internal control. Over 13 years in the Water Industry and now breaking into Insurance. High technical and analytical skills. Enquiring open mind and forward vision combined with an ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Excels under pressure and revels in achieving challenging output levels at a high standard. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name DAS UK Group Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Bristol Overall responsibility for managing strategic, planning and compliance risk within DAS UK Group for direct and indirect taxes, including maintaining or developing appropriate processes in partnership with the wider business. Tax, Internal Control & Risk Manager Company Name Bristol Water plc Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Bristol, United Kingdom Responsible for Tax, Internal Audit, the co-ordination and development of the Risk Appetite Statement and the corporate risk framework.All the responsibilities of the previous two roles, together with the addition of risk management framework. Risk Management aspects:• Development of risk appetite statement• Development of the former Risk Register, improving Risk Ownership and Reporting from Risk Owners through to Board into a dynamic communication tool to support the Senior Management and Directors in understanding, monitoring and controlling the corporate risks of the Company.• Ofwat Regulatory price determination, assessment of risk and uncertainty during Business Plan submissions (including review of Ofwat risk and uncertainty methodologies and modelling).• Involvement in other corporate initiatives to ensure alignment of the Risk Based approach Tax and Internal Control Manager Company Name Bristol Water plc Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Bristol, United Kingdom Responsible for Tax and the development of risk based Internal Auditing audit planning, monitoring and control. PlusInternal Control Management and development of a integrated risk based Internal Audit Strategy.Developing and co-ordinating 3 year Internal Audit planning and assignments with internal Management and external Internal Audit specialistsHorizon scanning, Risk and Business Development monitoring for reviewing plan annuallyMonitoring recommendation implementation.Co-ordination of Management's completion of corporate maturity against COSO framework questionnaire and monitoring of associated action plan implementation.Undertaking adhoc assignments for Executives as requested.Attending and reporting to Audit Committee Group Tax Manager Company Name Bristol Water plc Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Location Bristol, United Kingdom Tax Management covering all taxes:- Corporate Tax (including forecasting over future years), - VAT, - Human Resources, Payroll and Salary Sacrifice, - Expatriate Tax, - Transfer Pricing, - Environmental Taxes- Share Scheme and Employment Related Securities TransactionsIncluding all HMRC submissions and technical negotiations as necessary.Active participation in Industry Tax groups to manage tax uncertainties and risks within our individual company.Tax Disclosures in accounts and associated notes.Tax Tables in Ofwat Regulatory returns and associated commentaries implementation.Working with Finance Team during two corporate takeovers to ensure that tax was effectively communicated during negotiations and to avoid tax ineffective decisions being undertaking around the subsequent structures and tools. Non-Regulated Group Financial Controller/BW Deputy FC Company Name Bristol Water Group Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Bristol, United Kingdom Finance System development for small companies, Management accounts, budgets, forecasts including full monthly P&L/BS and Cashflow, Consolidations including international subsidiaries and associates, Statutory accounts, both for group (consolidated plc) and individualTax Management, including applying Malaysian payroll tax,Tax Risk assessments for entering new territoriesLong term Project CostingsIFRS convergence assessment and financial modellingCorporate disposals and managing due diligence process See more positions Education Fellow of the Association of Certified Chartered Accountants Degree Name Fellow of the Association of Certified Chartered Accounts Field Of Study Accounting and Related Services Grade Fellow Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 Harrogate College of Arts & Technology Degree Name High School Field Of Study A levels (Maths and Accounting) Grade 2 B Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 Studies disrupted by death of Father.Finished college with 1 A level (Maths) and then studied A level in new subject (Accountancy) over 2 months in order to meet entry requirements for Certified Accountancy course. Harrogate Grammer School Degree Name High School Field Of Study 10 O' levels Grade 4A 6B Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Accounting See 1 endorsement for Financial Accounting 1 Financial Accounting Laurence Harper has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Rebecca’s colleagues at Bristol Water plc Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 5 endorsements for Internal Audit 5 Internal Audit Endorsed by 3 of Rebecca’s colleagues at Bristol Water plc Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jubril Alao SAP Business Management Lead at IBM / Heraeus November 19, 2015, Jubril worked with Rebecca in the same group Jubril worked with our Finance Team on SAP FICO improvements. To me, his knowledge of the system was matched with his dedication to finding the right solution for our team. I felt well supported throughout the process. Accomplishments Rebecca has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Spanish Rebecca has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Water UK Industry Direct Tax Group Water UK Industry Indirect Tax Group Fellow of the Association of Certified Chartered Accounts Interests Internal Audit Jobs KSA 18,794 members ACCA 121,448 followers Internal Audit & Risk - Europe 1,565 members Super CFO : Finance, Accounting, Tax, IFRS, Startup, PE, CEO, CA, CPA, CS, Networking, Professionals 95,666 members Tax Control Framework (TCF) 2,308 members Tax Opportunities 61,474 members See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Hartleroad Director of Tax Change Healthcare Belmont University Greater Nashville Area, TN 235 235 connections Send InMail Experienced tax professional with both public and industry experience. Focus is on ASC 740 and tax accounting with experience in all aspects of taxation. Highlights Follow Follow Amy’s Activity 236 followers #actions Amy liked See all activity Experience Director, Tax Company Name Change Healthcare Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Manager, Business Tax Services Company Name LBMC Dates Employed 2005 – 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Manager, Tax Services Company Name Lazard Dana Curlee & Arkin LLP Dates Employed 2002 – 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs Supervisor, Tax Services Company Name LBMC Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education Belmont University Degree Name Accounting and Information Systems Management Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 13 endorsements for Corporate Tax 13 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ben Carver, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 12 endorsements for Tax Accounting 12 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amy has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications AICPA Member CPA TNCPA member Interests John HammergrenJohn Hammergren is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & CEO at McKesson 57,570 followers Change Healthcare 13,195 followers National Association of Professional Women (NAPW) 39,063 followers Emdeon 14,616 followers Belmont University 30,703 followers Belmont University 29,344 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gerardo has a account Gerardo Porras -- City and County of San Francisco Chabot College San Francisco Bay Area 82 82 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Elections Clerk Company Name City and County of San Francisco Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location City Hall Production coordinator of voter information materials in English, Chinese, Spanish, and Filipino. Independent Associate Company Name LegalShield Official Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Marketing and sales associate Education Chabot College Degree Name Associate of Arts (AA) Field Of Study Accounting, computer science, business administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 City College of San Francisco Degree Name Business Field Of Study Banking and Financial Support Services Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1984 Mission Language and Vocational School Degree Name Bilingual Administrative Secretary Field Of Study English Language and Literature/Letters Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1982 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 6 endorsements for Leadership 6 Leadership Luis Gonzalez, MPA and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Office 4 Microsoft Office Afi Meleisea and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Negotiation See 3 endorsements for Negotiation 3 Negotiation Afi Meleisea and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests LegalShield Official 4,312 followers TED Conferences 5,516,590 followers LegalShield, Independent Associate 6,893 followers City and County of San Francisco 13,176 followers
More Actions Tiniquia has a account Tiniquia Fisher Accountant Swatch Group University of Phoenix Miami, Florida 269 269 connections Send InMail Accounting professional MBA Candidate at University of Phoenix. Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Swatch Group Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Manage the Sales Tax Department for The Swatch Group (U.S.) Inc. and its subsidiaries Independent Business Owner Company Name ACN Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Providing electric, gas and home security services. Please feel free to explore my website:www.teamkalani.acndirect.com Tax Accountant Company Name Kering Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Sales and Use tax for Bottega Veneta , G. Boutiques and Gucci Group WatchesPrepare and file GST/HST, QST and PST tax returns for G.Boutiques (Gucci's Canadian division). Gather data from the business units (Alexander McQueen, Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta, Boucheron, Gucci Group Watches, Stella McCartney, Tomas Maier, YSL) to prepare and file personal property renditions, business licences, NYC Commercial Rent Tax, annual reports.Audits - Sales & Use Tax, Personal Property Tax Staff Accountant Company Name Benjamin Moore & Co. Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Montvale, NJ Managed the Bank reconciliation process for Benjamin Moore, Benjamin Moore LTD, The Indecor Group and Eco Color Company.In depth P&L and Balance sheet account analyses ensuring the appropriateness and accuracy of various account entries and documenting the account changes and adjustments Jr. Tax Accountant Company Name Benjamin Moore & Co. Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Created a Self Assessment procedure for use tax on purchases and giveaway items.Streamlined Intercompany Accounting among Benjamin Moore and its subsidiariesMaintained and ensured sales tax rates are current in Infinium Order Processing System (AS400)Assisted with US and Canadian sales tax auditsAssited with Canadian sales tax return preparation (PST, QST, HST & GST)In depth P&L Balance sheet account analyses ensuring the appropriateness and accuracy of various account entries and documenting the account changes and adjustments See more positions Education University of Phoenix Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 MBA expected in November 2017. Hofstra University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 19 endorsements for Tax 19 Tax Endorsed by Ted Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tiniquia’s colleagues at Benjamin Moore & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Journal Entries See 15 endorsements for Journal Entries 15 Journal Entries Endorsed by Margaret Brown-Falcon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Tiniquia’s colleagues at Benjamin Moore & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Sales Tax See 10 endorsements for Sales Tax 10 Sales Tax Endorsed by 4 of Tiniquia’s colleagues at Benjamin Moore & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tiniquia has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Applied Business Research and Statistics Business Law Communication for Accountants ECONOMICS Financial Accounting Human Capital Management Management Operations Management Organizational Leadership Quantitative Reasoning for Business Interests Swatch Group 86,434 followers JetBlue Airways 71,873 followers Tax Professionals Network -Candidate Opportunities, Employers seeking Candidates, TEI Members etc. 4,292 members Hunter Douglas, Inc. 7,664 followers Louis Vuitton 462,656 followers Volvo Car Group 152,411 followers See all See all following
More Actions Doug has a account Doug Dawson CPA, CFP(R) Douglas W. Dawson, CPA University of Denver Washington D.C. Metro Area 228 228 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Douglas W. Dawson, CPA Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Tax Director Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos I was a tax director in the private client services group. Tax Manager Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 14 endorsements for Tax 14 Tax Endorsed by Robert Hottle, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 12 endorsements for Tax Research 12 Tax Research Endorsed by Melissa Labant, J.D., CPA/PFS, CFP(R), CGMA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 10 endorsements for Tax Accounting 10 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Doug’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Niels Thomas Incoming Audit Staff with Moss Adams | nielsthomas1990@gmail.com May 7, 2012, Doug managed Niels directly Niels was a very hard working and conscientious employee of Ecolog, Inc.. He took ownership of the bookkeeping responsibilities. He followed up with local management, vendors and the parent company on various matters. He was attentive to details and asked good questions as appropriate. He was organized and thoughtful in his approach to organizing the company’s records. He was pleasant to work with and professional in his interactions with others. I recommend Niels for an administrative or bookkeeping assistant position. Lisa Del Sordi Senior Associate at The Trust Company of Virginia November 21, 2009, Lisa worked with Doug in the same group As a tax coordinator at KPMG, Lisa consistently made sure that tax returns were processed timely and accurately. She was willing to put in the necessary time to help our team meet deadlines, and took ownership for her part of the process. I truly enjoyed working with Lisa as she was very dependable, competent and hard working. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Anne L. Stone & Associates, LLC 19 followers University of Denver 76,523 followers University of Denver 84,893 followers
More Actions Dianne has a account Dianne Jones Tax Accountant at DMJ consulting & Tax Service DMJ consulting & Tax Service Greater New York City Area 63 63 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name DMJ consulting & Tax Service Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 9 endorsements for Income Tax 9 Income Tax Cathy Cowan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 9 endorsements for Tax Accounting 9 Tax Accounting Patrick Farrell and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Chrystal Johnson and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Jeff has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jeff Rutherford, EA Tax Senior Rubino & Company University of Maryland University College Washington D.C. Metro Area 341 341 connections Send InMail Detail and results oriented tax and accounting professional with extensive experience impacting organizational success – dedicated to accuracy, client focus and performance excellence. Professional Affiliations • National Society of Enrolled Agents • Virginia Society of Enrolled Agents See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Company Name Rubino & Company Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bethesda, MD Providing outstanding public accounting, tax advisory services, regulatory consulting, and financial services to clients in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area and nationwide. Intacct Certified Accounting Specialist Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Dennis & Associates Group, Inc Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location 5885 Trinity Parkway, Ste. 130 • Centreville, VA 20120 Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Attilliis and Associates, Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Alexandria, Virginia Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Steiner & Company, PA, Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Panama City, Florida Area Individual, corporate, partnership, trust and estate taxes. General ledger and financial statement analysis and adjustments. Tax Manager Company Name H&R Block Dates Employed 2008 – 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs See more positions Education University of Maryland University College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Cum Laude Webster University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Computer Resources and information Management California State University-Chico Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name American Red Cross Dates volunteered Jan 2005 – Jan 2005 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief VITA volunteer tax preparer Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 11 yrs 6 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at United States Air Force Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 5 endorsements for Leadership 5 Leadership Marcus Errico and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Carol Layne and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Steinkirchner Campus Administrator/Campus Security Officer at Confidential (In stealth mode) April 25, 2016, Jeff was a client of Michael’s Michael is hands down the best recruiting-employment placement professional I have ever worked with! As a former Air Force officer, I immediately came to appreciate the tenacity and resourcefulness of this former Marine. At a critical transition point in my new career, Michael leveraged his network and successfully negotiated my first position in a local public accounting firm in a very competitive labor market. The employer-employee match was perfect, and was a win/win for everyone involved. With his help “getting my foot in the door”, I’ve been able subsequently transition now into a lucrative senior position in the tax department of a large regional accounting firm in the Washington DC area. Whether you’re an employer in need of a qualified staff with the right fit, or someone looking for that next position, I highly recommend Michael! Accomplishments Jeff has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Deployed Special Agent/Officer of the Quarter Company Grade Officer of the Year Distinguished Graduate Distinguised Graduate Jeff has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent Intacct Certified Accounting Specialist Interests BDO USA, LLP 47,375 followers Webster University 106,585 followers Ross & Moncure, Inc. 24 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,079 followers Beacon Hill Staffing Group 21,616 followers Funnel Clarity 327 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yohan has a account Yohan Lim Tax Accountant KPMG New Zealand University of Auckland Auckland, New Zealand 136 136 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Senior Consultant Company Name KPMG New Zealand Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Tax Investigator Company Name Inland Revenue NZ Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Finance Assistant Company Name OCIS Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education University of Auckland Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Field Of Study Accounting & Commercial Law Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Yohan’s colleagues at Inland Revenue NZ Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Yohan’s colleagues at Inland Revenue NZ Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 1 endorsement for Income Tax 1 Income Tax Eddy Carter has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yohan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Accountant (CA) Interests KPMG New Zealand 15,034 followers University of Auckland 137,385 followers University of Auckland 126,352 followers Inland Revenue NZ 8,929 followers LEGO Group 298,782 followers
More Actions Ed has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ed Price Sr Solution Architect at Devbridge Group Devbridge Group University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL 20 Years of IT Experience and a Track Record of Success Delivering Profit-Driven Technology Solutions Results driven IT professional with expertise envisioning, leading and actively contributing to technology-based, multimillion dollar revenue and growth initiatives grounded solidly on economic and business value. An impressive fast track management career marked by demonstrated ability to build peak-performing teams and achieve cross-functional business objectives. Valued by senior executive teams, contributing a seasoned, broad-based perspective to create pragmatic IT strategies and implementation plans designed for maximum return on investment at the lowest possible cost. Core Information Technology Executive areas of expertise include:  Enterprise Architecture  Solution Architecture  eCommerce Strategy & Delivery  Enterprise IT Systems & Security  Team Building & Leadership  Program & Project Management  Process Improvement  Merger & Acquisition - Application Portfolio Reconciliation Selected value-offer highlights:  Successful architected the integration of similar sized financial institution into existing bank in a 12 month time period performing application portfolio reconciliation and rationalization while designing parity gap solutions meeting the needs of business and banking regulators.  Realize maximum value and return on business investments; drove immediate $4M sales gain through implementation of in-house eCommerce solution, $2M in increased profits through Quality Assurance software implementation.  Driving force for enhancements to IT services, processes, and organizational effectiveness; apply deep insight and best practices gleaned from multi-billion dollar, industry-leading corporations in multi-platform Software Engineering, Dot Com Startup, Full-Service IT Consulting, Insurance, Healthcare, Banking, Grocery/Food Service, Manufacturing, and Sales/Use Tax industries. Specialties: Architecting, Developing and Implementing E-Commmerce Web Sites, Back-Office Application Development, Scalable Enterprise IT Infrastructure Solutions, Document Imaging and Workflow Solutions, Technology Startups, International Business,Team building and employee development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ed’s Activity 776 followers Affinity Diagrams – Learn How to Cluster and Bundle Ideas and Facts Ed liked Devbridge Group is One of Inc. Magazine’s Best Workplaces 2017 Ed liked See all activity Experience Sr Solution Architect Company Name Devbridge Group Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Sr Solutions Architect Company Name BMO Harris Bank NA Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Chicago IL Subject Matter Expert and focal point for knowledge of multiple technologies and industry trends applicable to a large and complex Line of Business or multiple LOBs. Collaborating with the Technology Relationship Manager, Technology Head, and executives to jointly develop and implement strategic initiatives, provide proactive, professional, and strategic advice to the TRM, executives, and business partners, and resolve conflict arising from a technical nature. In addition, outline the application strategy for major applications leading to the development and maintenance of the application architecture. Ensures that the LOB direction falls within the overall systems architecture planning, design and integration strategies, and communicates and interprets technology direction to personnel across the business community and tchnology. Lead Architect Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Instrumental in the strategic response and resulting award of the largest business win in Treasury & Security Services worth 90M/year in revenue over the three years with the Federal governments Department of Homeland Security and Citizenship and Immigration Services processing. Playing a key role in estimation, architecture, development and delivery of the software solutions to meet the needs of the customer and our internal operations personnel. • Set the technical architecture direction and lead the application development team in creating re-usable class libraries and frameworks to use in developing applications for government/public sector customers.• Determine and implement full life-cycle development methodologies such as Iterative Development, eXtreme Programming, Agile, and Test Driven Development to improve delivery timeframes, reduce defects and reduce costs. • Facilitate the evaluation and technical architecture dissection of Vendor software solutions to determine their fit within the long-term direction of the bank or its customer’s needs in RFP responses. Build vs Buy.• Current technologies include J2EE, Microsoft .Net, Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Document Imaging and Workflow, Receivables processing systems, Service Oriented Architecture based Applications and Web solutions. VP Application Development Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed May 2005 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Director, Enterprise Architecture Company Name Monotype Imaging, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Set future direction and architecture, planned, developed, implemented and maintained the information systems technology for the company world-wide. Worked directly with CEO, CFO and Sr. Management to ensure that the technology needs of the enterprise aligned with the business needs and wants.• Managed capital and expense spending budgets working with the business unit teams to identify IT capital and expenses. Consistently managed costs to meet or beat budgeted costs for both IT and Business Unit projects.• Developed annual business plan to execute and achieve the corporate goals. Established corporate project plans and managed the IT Operations and IT Programming Services staff to accomplish aggressive business milestones working as team members with the business unit staff to meet their goals.• Evaluated products, architected, implemented and maintained the technology for internal development of a new e-commerce and non e-commerce web infrastructure. Leveraged internal programming services staff and 3rd party consulting companies, developed a successful e-commerce site which brought in approximately 6M in revenue per year with 10-20% sustained growth from 2001 - 2005. The team leveraged cutting-edge technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio .Net 2003, Commerce Systems, Content Management Systems, Product Catalog Systems, and interfaced with 3rd parties via web services. See www.fonts.com, www.itcfonts.com, www.agfamonotype.com, www.eyewire.com, www.fontwise.com.• Actively engaged in lead architect and development while managing staff to program programs written in various languages including: XML/XSL, .Net (VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net), Web Services, Visual C++, Adobe Acrobat, MS-SQL Server, MS-Commerce Server, MS-Content Management Server, MSIB, MS-Transaction Server objects and custom applications for both the Web and Windows platforms. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Major / Computer Sci Minor Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Economics /.Computer Sciences DePaul University Degree Name Post Graduate Certificate Program Field Of Study Computer Science - C++ Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1994 C++ / Artificial Intelligence SCEA Certified Degree Name Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification Field Of Study Six Sigma Lean Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Enterprise Architecture See 47 endorsements for Enterprise Architecture 47 Enterprise Architecture Endorsed by Venkat Narla, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Ed’s colleagues at BMO Harris Bank Click and drag to reorder skills SDLC See 41 endorsements for SDLC 41 SDLC Lynn Hamper and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 38 endorsements for Integration 38 Integration Endorsed by 6 of Ed’s colleagues at BMO Harris Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Tom O'Keefe Management Consulting Consultant and Contractor March 30, 2010, Ed worked with Tom in the same group Ed Price is a great professional to work with! I have worked with Ed in the past and found the experience to be mutually beneficial, cordial, and succesful for both of us and more importantly - our end clients!Ed is always buttoned up, ready for meetings, and has a great touch with all kinds of clients. I highly recommend you take an opportunity to work with Ed - if the chance presents itself. Tim Aikens, PMP, ITIL Executive Director at JP Morgan Chase Global Technology February 5, 2009, Tim managed Ed directly Ed is an excellent technology leader. He has deep technical knowledge and is a hands on manager of technology resources. His in depth architecture background allows Ed to effectively develop strong, solid technogy direction and strategy. Ed demonstrates out of the box thinking and is extremely creative in his approach. In the years that I managed Ed at JPMorgan Chase, he demonstrated solid technology leadership from both the Application Development Manager Role and Architecture Role. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Cesar Alvarez Consultant at We are IT, LLC January 26, 2009, Ed managed Cesar directly Cesar is a top-notch technologist who sleeps-eats-breaths for problem solving using or learning technology to fit the need. I have had the pleasure of hiring Cesar at two different companies - First Chair Technologies and JP Morgan Chase & Co. In both cases Cesar excelled in architecting, creating and delivering solutions on-time and on-budget. Cesar has a knack for finding new and innovative solutions to the tough business problems. His dedication not only stops at the office but he takes his work home and will impress. I would hire Cesar again in a second and value his ability as well as the fun he injects to the workday. Steve Lett Media Content Management and Publishing Consultant for Libercus November 2, 2007, Ed reported directly to Steve Steve was a passionate CEO and avid evangilst for any products he believes in. He sets a goal and charges at it with excitement and rallys his troops to make it happen. I would open any opportunity to work for or with Steve again. Accomplishments Ed has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Six Sigma Yellow Belt Ed has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IASA Global Interests MillerCoors 71,188 followers BMO Financial Group 119,367 followers BMO Harris Bank 35,495 followers ResumUP 5,639 followers SunTrust 78,218 followers Microsoft 3,763,468 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Goertz, CPA Owner, Ken Goertz, CPA Kenneth Goertz, CPA, EA National University Las Vegas, Nevada 144 144 connections Send InMail Licensed CPA. Licensed Enrolled Agent (EA). An EA is a tax professional recognized by the United States federal government to represent taxpayers in dealings with the Internal Revenue Service Specialties: Individual, Business, Estate Taxation and Trusts. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Kenneth Goertz, CPA, EA Dates Employed 1986 – Present Employment Duration 31 yrs Location Las Vegas / San Diego Education National University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Taxation National University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Clay Melugin and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Trusts See 18 endorsements for Trusts 18 Trusts Ravi Jalluri and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 16 endorsements for Tax Returns 16 Tax Returns Emanuel M Winocur and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests National University 73,714 followers National University 65,195 followers
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Hartleroad Director of Tax Change Healthcare Belmont University Greater Nashville Area, TN 235 235 connections Send InMail Experienced tax professional with both public and industry experience. Focus is on ASC 740 and tax accounting with experience in all aspects of taxation. Highlights Follow Follow Amy’s Activity 236 followers #actions Amy liked See all activity Experience Director, Tax Company Name Change Healthcare Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Manager, Business Tax Services Company Name LBMC Dates Employed 2005 – 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Manager, Tax Services Company Name Lazard Dana Curlee & Arkin LLP Dates Employed 2002 – 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs Supervisor, Tax Services Company Name LBMC Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education Belmont University Degree Name Accounting and Information Systems Management Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 13 endorsements for Corporate Tax 13 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Ben Carver, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 12 endorsements for Tax Accounting 12 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LBMC Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amy has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications AICPA Member CPA TNCPA member Interests Florida/Tennessee ONESOURCE Tax Provision User Group 56 members Belmont University 29,344 followers Bass, Berry & Sims 1,688 followers Change Healthcare 13,195 followers Belmont University 30,703 followers Thomson Reuters ONESOURCE 6,282 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dianne has a account Dianne Jones Tax Accountant at DMJ consulting & Tax Service DMJ consulting & Tax Service Greater New York City Area 63 63 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name DMJ consulting & Tax Service Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 9 endorsements for Income Tax 9 Income Tax Cathy Cowan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 9 endorsements for Tax Accounting 9 Tax Accounting Patrick Farrell and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 8 endorsements for Tax 8 Tax Chrystal Johnson and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Jeff has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jeff Rutherford, EA Tax Senior Rubino & Company University of Maryland University College Washington D.C. Metro Area 341 341 connections Send InMail Detail and results oriented tax and accounting professional with extensive experience impacting organizational success – dedicated to accuracy, client focus and performance excellence. Professional Affiliations • National Society of Enrolled Agents • Virginia Society of Enrolled Agents See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Company Name Rubino & Company Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bethesda, MD Providing outstanding public accounting, tax advisory services, regulatory consulting, and financial services to clients in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area and nationwide. Intacct Certified Accounting Specialist Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Dennis & Associates Group, Inc Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location 5885 Trinity Parkway, Ste. 130 • Centreville, VA 20120 Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Attilliis and Associates, Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Alexandria, Virginia Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Steiner & Company, PA, Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Panama City, Florida Area Individual, corporate, partnership, trust and estate taxes. General ledger and financial statement analysis and adjustments. Tax Manager Company Name H&R Block Dates Employed 2008 – 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs See more positions Education University of Maryland University College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Cum Laude Webster University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Computer Resources and information Management California State University-Chico Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name American Red Cross Dates volunteered Jan 2005 – Jan 2005 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief VITA volunteer tax preparer Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 11 yrs 6 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 6 endorsements for Accounting 6 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at United States Air Force Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 5 endorsements for Leadership 5 Leadership Marcus Errico and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Carol Layne and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Steinkirchner Campus Administrator/Campus Security Officer at Confidential (In stealth mode) April 25, 2016, Jeff was a client of Michael’s Michael is hands down the best recruiting-employment placement professional I have ever worked with! As a former Air Force officer, I immediately came to appreciate the tenacity and resourcefulness of this former Marine. At a critical transition point in my new career, Michael leveraged his network and successfully negotiated my first position in a local public accounting firm in a very competitive labor market. The employer-employee match was perfect, and was a win/win for everyone involved. With his help “getting my foot in the door”, I’ve been able subsequently transition now into a lucrative senior position in the tax department of a large regional accounting firm in the Washington DC area. Whether you’re an employer in need of a qualified staff with the right fit, or someone looking for that next position, I highly recommend Michael! Accomplishments Jeff has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Deployed Special Agent/Officer of the Quarter Company Grade Officer of the Year Distinguished Graduate Distinguised Graduate Jeff has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Enrolled Agent Intacct Certified Accounting Specialist Interests Vorsight 1,343 followers University of Maryland University College 171,557 followers Beacon Hill Staffing Group 21,617 followers St. Mary's University School of Law 5,739 followers TaxTalent.com 4,030 followers University of the Pacific - Eberhardt School of Business 3,277 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ed has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ed Price Sr Solution Architect at Devbridge Group Devbridge Group University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL 20 Years of IT Experience and a Track Record of Success Delivering Profit-Driven Technology Solutions Results driven IT professional with expertise envisioning, leading and actively contributing to technology-based, multimillion dollar revenue and growth initiatives grounded solidly on economic and business value. An impressive fast track management career marked by demonstrated ability to build peak-performing teams and achieve cross-functional business objectives. Valued by senior executive teams, contributing a seasoned, broad-based perspective to create pragmatic IT strategies and implementation plans designed for maximum return on investment at the lowest possible cost. Core Information Technology Executive areas of expertise include:  Enterprise Architecture  Solution Architecture  eCommerce Strategy & Delivery  Enterprise IT Systems & Security  Team Building & Leadership  Program & Project Management  Process Improvement  Merger & Acquisition - Application Portfolio Reconciliation Selected value-offer highlights:  Successful architected the integration of similar sized financial institution into existing bank in a 12 month time period performing application portfolio reconciliation and rationalization while designing parity gap solutions meeting the needs of business and banking regulators.  Realize maximum value and return on business investments; drove immediate $4M sales gain through implementation of in-house eCommerce solution, $2M in increased profits through Quality Assurance software implementation.  Driving force for enhancements to IT services, processes, and organizational effectiveness; apply deep insight and best practices gleaned from multi-billion dollar, industry-leading corporations in multi-platform Software Engineering, Dot Com Startup, Full-Service IT Consulting, Insurance, Healthcare, Banking, Grocery/Food Service, Manufacturing, and Sales/Use Tax industries. Specialties: Architecting, Developing and Implementing E-Commmerce Web Sites, Back-Office Application Development, Scalable Enterprise IT Infrastructure Solutions, Document Imaging and Workflow Solutions, Technology Startups, International Business,Team building and employee development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ed’s Activity 776 followers Affinity Diagrams – Learn How to Cluster and Bundle Ideas and Facts Ed liked Devbridge Group is One of Inc. Magazine’s Best Workplaces 2017 Ed liked See all activity Experience Sr Solution Architect Company Name Devbridge Group Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Sr Solutions Architect Company Name BMO Harris Bank NA Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Chicago IL Subject Matter Expert and focal point for knowledge of multiple technologies and industry trends applicable to a large and complex Line of Business or multiple LOBs. Collaborating with the Technology Relationship Manager, Technology Head, and executives to jointly develop and implement strategic initiatives, provide proactive, professional, and strategic advice to the TRM, executives, and business partners, and resolve conflict arising from a technical nature. In addition, outline the application strategy for major applications leading to the development and maintenance of the application architecture. Ensures that the LOB direction falls within the overall systems architecture planning, design and integration strategies, and communicates and interprets technology direction to personnel across the business community and tchnology. Lead Architect Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Instrumental in the strategic response and resulting award of the largest business win in Treasury & Security Services worth 90M/year in revenue over the three years with the Federal governments Department of Homeland Security and Citizenship and Immigration Services processing. Playing a key role in estimation, architecture, development and delivery of the software solutions to meet the needs of the customer and our internal operations personnel. • Set the technical architecture direction and lead the application development team in creating re-usable class libraries and frameworks to use in developing applications for government/public sector customers.• Determine and implement full life-cycle development methodologies such as Iterative Development, eXtreme Programming, Agile, and Test Driven Development to improve delivery timeframes, reduce defects and reduce costs. • Facilitate the evaluation and technical architecture dissection of Vendor software solutions to determine their fit within the long-term direction of the bank or its customer’s needs in RFP responses. Build vs Buy.• Current technologies include J2EE, Microsoft .Net, Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Document Imaging and Workflow, Receivables processing systems, Service Oriented Architecture based Applications and Web solutions. VP Application Development Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed May 2005 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Director, Enterprise Architecture Company Name Monotype Imaging, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Set future direction and architecture, planned, developed, implemented and maintained the information systems technology for the company world-wide. Worked directly with CEO, CFO and Sr. Management to ensure that the technology needs of the enterprise aligned with the business needs and wants.• Managed capital and expense spending budgets working with the business unit teams to identify IT capital and expenses. Consistently managed costs to meet or beat budgeted costs for both IT and Business Unit projects.• Developed annual business plan to execute and achieve the corporate goals. Established corporate project plans and managed the IT Operations and IT Programming Services staff to accomplish aggressive business milestones working as team members with the business unit staff to meet their goals.• Evaluated products, architected, implemented and maintained the technology for internal development of a new e-commerce and non e-commerce web infrastructure. Leveraged internal programming services staff and 3rd party consulting companies, developed a successful e-commerce site which brought in approximately 6M in revenue per year with 10-20% sustained growth from 2001 - 2005. The team leveraged cutting-edge technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio .Net 2003, Commerce Systems, Content Management Systems, Product Catalog Systems, and interfaced with 3rd parties via web services. See www.fonts.com, www.itcfonts.com, www.agfamonotype.com, www.eyewire.com, www.fontwise.com.• Actively engaged in lead architect and development while managing staff to program programs written in various languages including: XML/XSL, .Net (VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net), Web Services, Visual C++, Adobe Acrobat, MS-SQL Server, MS-Commerce Server, MS-Content Management Server, MSIB, MS-Transaction Server objects and custom applications for both the Web and Windows platforms. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Major / Computer Sci Minor Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Economics /.Computer Sciences DePaul University Degree Name Post Graduate Certificate Program Field Of Study Computer Science - C++ Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1994 C++ / Artificial Intelligence SCEA Certified Degree Name Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification Field Of Study Six Sigma Lean Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Enterprise Architecture See 47 endorsements for Enterprise Architecture 47 Enterprise Architecture Endorsed by Venkat Narla, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Ed’s colleagues at BMO Harris Bank Click and drag to reorder skills SDLC See 41 endorsements for SDLC 41 SDLC Lynn Hamper and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 38 endorsements for Integration 38 Integration Endorsed by 6 of Ed’s colleagues at BMO Harris Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Tom O'Keefe Management Consulting Consultant and Contractor March 30, 2010, Ed worked with Tom in the same group Ed Price is a great professional to work with! I have worked with Ed in the past and found the experience to be mutually beneficial, cordial, and succesful for both of us and more importantly - our end clients!Ed is always buttoned up, ready for meetings, and has a great touch with all kinds of clients. I highly recommend you take an opportunity to work with Ed - if the chance presents itself. Tim Aikens, PMP, ITIL Executive Director at JP Morgan Chase Global Technology February 5, 2009, Tim managed Ed directly Ed is an excellent technology leader. He has deep technical knowledge and is a hands on manager of technology resources. His in depth architecture background allows Ed to effectively develop strong, solid technogy direction and strategy. Ed demonstrates out of the box thinking and is extremely creative in his approach. In the years that I managed Ed at JPMorgan Chase, he demonstrated solid technology leadership from both the Application Development Manager Role and Architecture Role. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Cesar Alvarez Consultant at We are IT, LLC January 26, 2009, Ed managed Cesar directly Cesar is a top-notch technologist who sleeps-eats-breaths for problem solving using or learning technology to fit the need. I have had the pleasure of hiring Cesar at two different companies - First Chair Technologies and JP Morgan Chase & Co. In both cases Cesar excelled in architecting, creating and delivering solutions on-time and on-budget. Cesar has a knack for finding new and innovative solutions to the tough business problems. His dedication not only stops at the office but he takes his work home and will impress. I would hire Cesar again in a second and value his ability as well as the fun he injects to the workday. Steve Lett Media Content Management and Publishing Consultant for Libercus November 2, 2007, Ed reported directly to Steve Steve was a passionate CEO and avid evangilst for any products he believes in. He sets a goal and charges at it with excitement and rallys his troops to make it happen. I would open any opportunity to work for or with Steve again. Accomplishments Ed has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Six Sigma Yellow Belt Ed has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IASA Global Interests Akamai Technologies 93,109 followers Crowd Experts - Crowdfunding Professionals 2,737 members Service Oriented Architecture Special Interest Group 49,292 members Morningstar 63,033 followers C# Developers / Architects 215,657 members Java Developers 428,321 members See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Goertz, CPA Owner, Ken Goertz, CPA Kenneth Goertz, CPA, EA National University Las Vegas, Nevada 144 144 connections Send InMail Licensed CPA. Licensed Enrolled Agent (EA). An EA is a tax professional recognized by the United States federal government to represent taxpayers in dealings with the Internal Revenue Service Specialties: Individual, Business, Estate Taxation and Trusts. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Kenneth Goertz, CPA, EA Dates Employed 1986 – Present Employment Duration 31 yrs Location Las Vegas / San Diego Education National University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Taxation National University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Clay Melugin and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Trusts See 18 endorsements for Trusts 18 Trusts Ravi Jalluri and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 16 endorsements for Tax Returns 16 Tax Returns Emanuel M Winocur and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests National University 65,195 followers National University 73,714 followers
More Actions Kevin has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kevin Buckner Sales and Use Tax Consultant, AvaTax, CertCapture, Landed Cost, VAT Avalara Coe College Denver, Colorado 395 395 connections InMail I specialize in Sales & Use Taxes with expertise integrating third party tax applications with ERP, Billing & Legacy systems. I have over 15 years of Tax and IT consulting experience in State and Local tax matters working with clients in the Health Care, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, Retail, Software, and Telecommunications industries. I have expertise or significant experience with the following Sales & Use Tax applications: AvaTax, Vertex O, L, Q Series & Vertex SMB, Thomson Reuters'​ OneSource (Sabrix), CCH's Sales Tax Office and Sovos' Taxware. I have delivered integrations with the following ERP systems: NetSuite, Microsoft Dynamics (GP,AX, Navision), Oracle, SAP, PeopleSoft, JDEdwards and various POS, Legacy and "Home Grown" systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sales Engineer Company Name Avalara Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Denver Area As a Sales Engineer I assist our AvaTax, CertCapture Compliance and Landed Cost customers and perspective customers finalize technical and functional requirements when implementing Avalara's cloud based Sales and Use tax calculation, Compliance and Exemption Certificate management solutions.I have extensive experience with multiple ERP systems including: Oracle, SAP, JDEdwards, PeopleSoft, Microsoft Dynamics (GP, AX & NAV), NetSuite and various POS systems. Manager - Sales & Use Tax Automation Company Name McGladrey Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Denver As a manager in McGladrey’s State and Local Tax practice I specialize in Sales & Use Taxes and the integration of third party tax applications with ERP systems. I have direct responsibility for Sales & Use Tax automation and the automation of Sales & Use Tax returns and outsourcing preparation services. I have over 15 years of Tax and IT consulting experience in State and Local Tax including over 10 years in public accounting. I have addressed various Sales & Use Tax issues for clients in the Health Care, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, Technology, Telecommunications and Retail Industries. I have extensive experience with multiple ERP systems including: Oracle, SAP, JDEdwards, PeopleSoft, Microsoft Dynamics, NetSuite and various POS systems. I have expertise with the installation and configuration of multiple Tax Calculation engines including: Vertex L, O, Q series and Vertex SMB, Avalara's AvaTax and CertCapture, Thomson Reuters' OneSource and CCH's Sales Tax Office. Media (1) This position has 1 media McGladrey's Sales & Use Tax Practice McGladrey's Sales & Use Tax Practice This media is a document Senior Product Manager Company Name IQNavigator Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Centennial, CO I served as the lead Product Manager for the Invoicing team driving requirements gathering activities and authoring specifications documents. Coordinate integrations with major ERP & Legacy Financial systems. Indirectly manage a 6 person team of SQL developers; advising on logic requirements, managing work streams & priorities. Manage Production environment issues to resolution. Lead client meetings covering internal application configurations, interface specifications and deliverables. Additionally I served as Product Manager for the Jasper Reports integration specifically responsible for data domains and workflow development. Senior Solutions Manager, Corporate Finance Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Executed customer elicitation, analysis, specification and validation sessions for all requirements development activities for both Core Scorecard and MYR programs including; customer interviews, identifying use cases, creating prototypes, prioritizing requirements, analyzing feasibility, recording business rules, specifying quality attributes, authoring & reviewing requirements documents and testing requirements.Lead Product Management team in all aspects of requirements engineering management and production support including; training requirements analysts, defining change control process, managing requirements risks, measuring requirements volatility, tracking requirements efforts, leading monthly publish calls and reviewing lessons learned.Conducted requirements reviews with development team throughout the development life cycle ensuring business requirements were met. Senior, Advisory Services Company Name PwC Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Conducted and managed IT internal controls assessments of business risk and security, regulatory compliance, the efficiency/adequacy of business systems and processes, IT systems Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and business process optimization. Tested and developed OMB-123 internal controls, SAP internal control testing, process improvement, and organizational effectiveness strategies. Delivered IT and Finance internal controls audits, strategies and testing. See more positions Education Coe College Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Men's Tennis University of Evansville Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Tennis Notre Dame High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 20 endorsements for Process Improvement 20 Process Improvement Endorsed by 2 of Kevin’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 11 endorsements for CRM 11 CRM Jonathan Kelly and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ERP See 11 endorsements for ERP 11 ERP Joe Lynch and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Chuck McDowell Vice President, Global Professional Services and Client Experience March 16, 2011, Chuck worked with Kevin but at different companies Kevin worked with me on a transactional tax strategy project with a supply chain client in the southeast. He was the lead consultant on a Vertex software implementation effort. I was very pleased with his services and in particular his commitment to detail. Kevin has an impressive work-ethic and a drive toward getting things done. I am pleased to endorse him as a professional. Kelly Straight Business Manager I Accounting I Financial Planning & Analysis I Project Management March 8, 2011, Kelly worked with Kevin in different groups I had the pleasure of working with Kevin when I was coming in to a new position. Kevin was incredibly patient with my questions, often anticipating what I was going to ask and took time out of his cramped schedule to spend extra time with me while I was getting up to speed. I found Kevin to be attentive to the bigger picture and able to manage/understand needs across a multiple groups. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Tuya von Luehr, MBA, PMP Director | Management Consultant | Sr Program Manager | Business Strategy | Global and Sales Operations | BI | Finance | September 18, 2014, Kevin was senior to Tuya but didn’t manage directly Tuya is very knowledgeable, extremely easy to work with, and most importantly gets things done! I had the great pleasure of working with her at Microsoft to deliver Microsoft's Rhythm of Business World Wide Sales & Marketing Scorecards. Her ability to collaborate and drive results with multiple teams located across the globe was great. Tuya always puts customers first and delivers solutions that benefits her clients; helping us achieve our financial and non-financial goals. I highly recommend her; she would be a welcome addition to any team. Accomplishments Kevin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications OneSource Determination Vertex SMB Kevin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Kevin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Sales & Use Tax for NetSuite: It Touches Every Financial Transaction Interests Sales Tax Consultants 4,215 members Coe College 11,579 followers ERP Sales Group 10,100 members RSM US LLP 67,112 followers 530 Inc 2,667 members Coe College 9,464 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ying has a account Ying Liu Experienced Tax Accountant -- CPA Candidate LW TAX & ACCOUNTING SERVICES, INC. University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Bellevue, Washington 57 57 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name LW TAX & ACCOUNTING SERVICES, INC. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Bellevue, WA Bookkeeper Company Name REGENCY REALTIES, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Foreign Trade Merchandiser Company Name BEIJING GARMENT EXPORT & IMPORT CORPORATION INC. Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Beijng, China Education University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Master of Professional Accounting Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Field Of Study Accounting Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 University of International Business and Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Economics Field Of Study International Business, Trade Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Endorsed by Pavel Suarez, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Vivian (Qingyu) Wong, CPA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 1 endorsement for Corporate Tax 1 Corporate Tax Vivian (Qingyu) Wong, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of International Business and Economics 34,897 followers University of Washington Masters in Taxation (FKA MPAcc Tax) 247 members University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,485 followers Washington State University 140,427 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers Washington State University 133,552 followers See all See all following
More Actions Clara has a account Clara Wong Senior Tax Accountant at CKE Restaurants, Inc. CKE Restaurants, Inc. National University Orange County, California Area 226 226 connections Send InMail Professional with demonstrated ability to effectively prepare a variety of tax returns and projects with special focus on the C Corporations. Acquired strong technical knowledge of IRS code , tax changed method and preparation and review skill. Strong leadership, decision making, interpersonal, and organizational skills. Specialties: accountancy, bank reconciliation, cantonese, closing, customer relations, database administration, english, financial statements, forms, general ledger, hyperion, insurance, lacerte, languages, management, mandarin, meeting facilitation, microsoft excel, microsoft office, microsoft outlook, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft word, oracle, payroll processing, peachtree, quickbooks, research, sales, tables, tax planning, treasury, writing, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name CKE Restaurants, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Anaheim CA Review / Prepare consolidated federal, multi- state (50 states) and city income tax returns and corporation with supporting worksheets.Prepare FIN48 Interest, Sale-Leaseback, 263(A), WOTC and NOL anlysis calculation. Prepare Canada Tax Return. (T2)Prepare / Review Foreign forms worksheet (5471, 8858, 8865)Prepare provision worksheets for quarterly and annually. Prepare state apportionment worksheets (50 states). Prepare Estimates/ Extension for fed and states income and franchise tax calculation. Maintenance Tax Calendar.Prepare draft correspondence with IRS or state taxing authorities in relation to tax notices.Research state and franchise tax questions using checkpoint database. Senior Tax Associate Company Name Thong, Yu, Wong & Lee LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Rosemead • Assisted junior staff to complete their work related to federal and multi-state income tax returns and ensured to work closely with partners to complete the work in the most efficient way;• Trained and supervised a new hire in payroll accounting and processing of local governmental forms for payroll, sales and used tax and city business licenses;• Liaised with, supported and represented clients who were going through audits, hearings and appeal meetings;• Involved in and assisted partners in business development to grow the client base. Senior Tax Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Conduct detailed review and or / prepare federal and multi-state tax returns for partnerships, corporations, organization exempt, and estate and trust with supporting worksheets. Prepare consolidated state return for corporation with supporting worksheets.Work as part of multi-disciplinary team helping to provide industry knowledge and experiencePrepare and analyze tax and accounting informationInvolved in tax research issues including written and verbal advice Research complex tax issues using internal revenue code, treasury regulations and other relevant authorities/guidance. Loan Staff from KPMG - Finance Consultant Company Name AT&T, Inc Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Prepare federal, multi- state and city income tax returns for partnerships, corporations and insurance company with supporting worksheets. Prepare consolidated insurance federal and state return for corporation with supporting documents.Prepare state apportionment worksheetsPrepare draft correspondence with IRS or state taxing authorities in relation to tax notices.Research state and franchise tax questions using CCH database.Prepare tax accounting changing method calculations for federal returns.Prepare annual letter special calculations §481(a) adjustment for federal returns.Maintain files to support research associated with tax audits.*Analyze accounting information for consolidated federal return. Tax Assoicate Company Name Thong, Yu, Wong & Lee LLP Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo •Prepare federal and multi-state income tax returns for individuals, partnerships and corporations with supporting documents.•Prepare financial statement quarterly and annually. •Research and draft technical memoranda regarding income and franchise tax questions using CCH database.•Prepare various federal, state and local governmental forms for payroll, sales and used tax, city business license.•Prepare clients for discussions with auditors, represent clients at hearings and at appeal meetings and prepare protests. See more positions Education National University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 KSPC Pasadena City College See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Excel 1 Microsoft Excel Alan Tomasiewicz has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Word 1 Microsoft Word Tatyana Aleksina has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kim Sabol Partner at Thong,Yu, Wong & Lee LLP April 2, 2009, Clara reported directly to Kim Kim taught me a lot accounting concept/ tax knowledge when I worked in TYWL. I loved to work with her. :) Accomplishments Clara has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests Johnson & Johnson 1,422,738 followers Nestlé 2,187,632 followers CKE Restaurants, Inc. 7,671 followers National University 65,195 followers Facebook 1,567,789 followers Pasadena City College 39,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Monica has a account Monica (tax accountant) ea at hyton accounting hyton accounting Greater New York City Area 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience ea Company Name hyton accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Mitchell has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mitchell Gerstein CPA Mitchell Gerstein CPA MST PFS Drexel University's LeBow College of Business Wynnewood, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections InMail After 36 tax seasons starting in high school I am on a career break. I recently separated from CliftonLarsonAllen LLP at the pinnacle of my career as a Principal/Owner and National Health Care Tax Leader. My experiences focused on providing business accounting, financial consulting, income tax planning, tax planning strategies, merger consulting, outsourcing, and wealth advisory services to both Health Care organizations and Privately Held businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Mitchell’s Activity 725 followers It's what I miss most during my current self-imposed career break. Mitchell shared this Vince Papale delivers cheesesteak to NFL hopeful camped outside of Eagles OTAs Mitchell liked Why Millennials Keep Dumping You: An Open Letter to Management Mitchell liked Reasons for Employee Turnover | Create Retention Strategies Mitchell liked See all activity Experience Currently on a Career Break Company Name Mitchell Gerstein CPA MST PFS Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Wynnewood, PA After 36 tax seasons under my belt starting in high school I decided to take a much needed career break. I highly recommend taking time for yourself. Principal, National Leader Health Care Tax Leader Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen LLP Dates Employed 2006 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 11 yrs Location Greater Philadelphia Area Our CLA promise is to deliver impactful interactions for success. As National Leader Health Care Tax Leader at CLA, I’m charged with leading the tax services for the national health care practice toward fulfillment of that promise.We have three integrated businesses in our firm — outsourcing, wealth advisory, and public accounting and advisory — because we believe that serving clients in all aspects of their life and business is the best way to meet their evolving and changing needs.Leadership, ownership, and entrepreneurship guide our actions. It’s a culture that puts decision making in everyone’s hands, so that we can effectively serve clients and help one another in a collaborative way.Our people are the most important part of our business; they create the connection between our firm and our clients. We are committed to creating uncommon career opportunities for our people, whether they choose to stay with us or move on to work in the marketplace, because the best opportunities attract the best people to serve clients.Focusing on privately held businesses and the unique needs of their owners, our deep industry specialists do what is right for the public interest, our clients, and each other, as we never settle for less than excellence in all our work.Experience in Serving Clients, Since 1986, I have been providing business accounting, financial consulting, income tax planning, tax planning strategies, outsourcing, wealth advisory services to both Health Care organizations and Privately Held businesses. Health Care clientele include multi-specialty groups and physician groups, For more information about CliftonLarsonAllen, visit www.claconnect.com. CPA Company Name Tax Freedom Institute Dates Employed 1993 – 2011 Employment Duration 18 yrs CFO Company Name Beth David Reform Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Partner Company Name Ostroff Fair & Co. PC Dates Employed 1986 – 2006 Employment Duration 20 yrs CPA firm See more positions Education Drexel University's LeBow College of Business Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Tau Epsilon Phi, Beta Alpha Psi Widener University Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Phi Kappa Phi Northeast High School Volunteer Experience Programs, Marketing & Business Development Committee Company Name The Franklin Institute Cause Science and Technology Founded in honor of Benjamin Franklin, The Franklin Institute is a museum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and one of the oldest and premier centers of science education and development in the United States. The Franklin Institute itself comprises three centers, The Science Center, The Franklin Center, and The Center for Innovation in Science Learning. It also houses the Benjamin Franklin National Memorial. In the spirit of inquiry and discovery embodied by Benjamin Franklin, the mission of The Franklin Institute Science Museum serves to inspire an understanding of and passion for learning about science and technology. Permanent exhibits in The Franklin Institute include The Giant Heart, The Franklin Air Show, Sports Challenge, Space Command and Amazing Machine. The Franklin Institute also is home to The Tuttleman IMAX Theater and the Fels Planetarium Board Member & Treasurer Company Name Interfaith Hospitality Network Main Line Cause Social Services IHN - Main Line brings the faith community together to help families regain their housing, their independence, and their dignity. IHN – Main Line is a three month self-sufficiency program for homeless families with children. We partner with Main Line congregations and volunteers to provide shelter, meals, and support to homeless families in our community. Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 54 endorsements for CPA 54 CPA Endorsed by Arthur Werner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mitchell’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 43 endorsements for Tax 43 Tax Endorsed by Arthur Werner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mitchell’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 38 endorsements for Accounting 38 Accounting Endorsed by Arthur Werner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mitchell’s colleagues at CliftonLarsonAllen Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Philadelphia Area Accounting Executives 423 members Carleton College 17,370 followers GoWireless, Inc. 2,494 followers Mashable 813,100 followers Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting US 15,344 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Clayton Teacher at Surf Coast Secondary College Surf Coast Secondary College Deakin University Torquay, Victoria, Australia 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Teacher Company Name Surf Coast Secondary College Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Torquay, Victoria, Australia Senior Accountant Company Name Davidsons Accountants and Business Consultants Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Accountant Company Name Saunders Killen Accountants Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Geelong, Australia Assistant Financial Accountant Company Name Huyck.Wangner Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Geelong, Victoria, Australia Accountant Company Name McLindon d & Associates Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Bundoora, Victoria, Australia Education Deakin University Degree Name Graduate diploma education Field Of Study Secondary Education and Teaching Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 CPA Australia Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 La Trobe University Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 2 endorsements for CPA 2 CPA David Grazules CPA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Surf Coast Secondary College 3 followers The Economist 4,125,521 followers La Trobe University 91,045 followers CPA Australia Program 30,988 followers Janine AllisJanine Allis is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Boost Juice, Director at Retail Zoo, Salsa's Fresh Mex, Cibo Espresso. Investor on TV show Shark Tank 278,312 followers Mark Bouris AMMark Bouris AM is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, Innovator, Author and Academic 162,319 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sharon has a account Sharon Muller Tax Manager at Michael Silver & Company CPAs Michael Silver & Company CPAs Illinois State University Skokie, Illinois 165 165 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Skokie, IL Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Skokie, IL Tax Staff Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo I served as a staffperson on the tax team at Michael Silver Tax Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed 1982 – 1993 Employment Duration 11 yrs Education Illinois State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1982 DePaul University Degree Name Master of Science in Taxation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 11 endorsements for Tax Accounting 11 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Eliot H. Rosenwald, CPA, CVA, ABV and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Eliot H. Rosenwald, CPA, CVA, ABV and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by Joseph P. (Joe) Roznai, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Joe Casey, CPA Tax Analyst at Medline Industries, Inc. June 25, 2013, Joe reported directly to Sharon Sharon is an accomplished tax professional with many years of experience. I have had the pleasure of working with her a great deal this past tax season, during which time she has offered a remarkable display of knowledge, poise, and understanding. Sharon’s guidance on career development, as well as her constructive and detailed explanations of certain tax issues, has further fostered the growth of my own tax career. It must be noted that Sharon is not only a skilled accountant, but an exceptional individual as well. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests DePaul University 155,912 followers Michael Silver & Company, LLC 262 followers Illinois State University 126,800 followers DePaul University 150,169 followers PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,179 members The Illinois CPA Society (ICPAS) 3,487 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Tullie, CPA, MST, MBA Director of Taxes at Acushnet Company Acushnet Company Bentley University Greater Boston Area 216 216 connections Send InMail Specialties: Expert in FAS 109 (Accounting for Income Taxes) and FIN 48. Extensive expertise in all phases of corporate tax (international, federal, and state). Highlights Experience Senior Director of Taxes Company Name Acushnet Company Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 4 mos Expert in all areas of corporate taxation including FAS 109 and FIN 48, both domestically and internationally. Expert knowledge in all areas of federal and multistate taxation. Extensive experience in international taxation including cash repatriation and tax accounting. Extensive experience in management of federal and state income tax audits. Vice President Tax Company Name Premcor Refining Group, Inc. Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsible for all aspects of a 14 person tax department. Compliance, planning, tax accounting, income, sales/use, excise tax. SEC registrant. Premcor was acquired by Valero in 2005. Director of Tax and Internal Audit Company Name Ocean Spray Cranberries Dates Employed 1984 – 2003 Employment Duration 19 yrs Managed and executed all aspects of corporate taxation, including international, federal, and multistate. Education Bentley University Degree Name MST Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1980 University of Massachusetts Dartmouth Degree Name BA Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1978 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Tim Crowley Vice President of Global Tax at Samsonite October 16, 2009, John managed Tim directly Tim is a great CPA. He has outstanding technical skills and is a great manager of people. We worked together for many years, and I would hire him again in a second. He is great to work with. Very calm under pressure and always produces quality work on time. Peter Terenzio HRBP Manager Global Refining, Projects, and Procurement at Phillips 66 March 4, 2009, John worked with Peter in different groups Peter took over the HR function at a very stressful time. We were moving our corporate headquarters from St. Louis, MO to Greenwich, CT. Thanks to Peter, our staffing and HR needs never missed a beat. He ran the best HR function that I have ever been associated with. You simply can't have a better person as head of your HR function. He is a true leader.John TullieDirector of Taxes, Acushnet Company View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University 12,084 followers D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University 11,744 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members Bentley University 58,583 followers Acushnet Company 13,865 followers Bentley University 62,060 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Hudson Tax Accountant at Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. University of Arkansas at Little Rock Little Rock, Arkansas 213 213 connections Send InMail I graduated from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting. I have over 10 years experience as a tax accountant. I specialize in services to wholesale auto, retail, restaurant, small businesses, individuals, trusts and small non-profit organizations. I have a lot of experience helping businesses and individuals with income taxation, tax planning, tax return preparation and financial statements. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs I graduated from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting. I also have a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. I have over 10 years experience in accounting. I specialize in services to the auto industry, restaurants, small businesses, individuals, and trusts. Within the areas that I specialize I consult and plan with clients about their business or individual needs throughout the year. I prepare tax returns for individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts and payroll clients. I also prepare monthly financial statements for a variety of clients. Senior Accountant Company Name Young & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Prepared all types of tax returns, payroll services, and boobkkeeping. Education University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Catholic High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 16 endorsements for Tax 16 Tax Kristen Kurtz and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Tiffany Rea and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 11 endorsements for Tax Returns 11 Tax Returns Vicky Morris and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests International Tax Planners 9,908 members Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 537,289 followers University of Arkansas at Little Rock College of Business 1,121 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members Jeff HadenJeff Haden is a LinkedIn Influencer Ghostwriter, Speaker, Inc. Magazine Contributing Editor 897,733 followers International Institute for Tax & Finance 4,276 followers See all See all following
More Actions Clara has a account Clara Wong Senior Tax Accountant at CKE Restaurants, Inc. CKE Restaurants, Inc. National University Orange County, California Area 226 226 connections Send InMail Professional with demonstrated ability to effectively prepare a variety of tax returns and projects with special focus on the C Corporations. Acquired strong technical knowledge of IRS code , tax changed method and preparation and review skill. Strong leadership, decision making, interpersonal, and organizational skills. Specialties: accountancy, bank reconciliation, cantonese, closing, customer relations, database administration, english, financial statements, forms, general ledger, hyperion, insurance, lacerte, languages, management, mandarin, meeting facilitation, microsoft excel, microsoft office, microsoft outlook, microsoft powerpoint, microsoft word, oracle, payroll processing, peachtree, quickbooks, research, sales, tables, tax planning, treasury, writing, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name CKE Restaurants, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Anaheim CA Review / Prepare consolidated federal, multi- state (50 states) and city income tax returns and corporation with supporting worksheets.Prepare FIN48 Interest, Sale-Leaseback, 263(A), WOTC and NOL anlysis calculation. Prepare Canada Tax Return. (T2)Prepare / Review Foreign forms worksheet (5471, 8858, 8865)Prepare provision worksheets for quarterly and annually. Prepare state apportionment worksheets (50 states). Prepare Estimates/ Extension for fed and states income and franchise tax calculation. Maintenance Tax Calendar.Prepare draft correspondence with IRS or state taxing authorities in relation to tax notices.Research state and franchise tax questions using checkpoint database. Senior Tax Associate Company Name Thong, Yu, Wong & Lee LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Rosemead • Assisted junior staff to complete their work related to federal and multi-state income tax returns and ensured to work closely with partners to complete the work in the most efficient way;• Trained and supervised a new hire in payroll accounting and processing of local governmental forms for payroll, sales and used tax and city business licenses;• Liaised with, supported and represented clients who were going through audits, hearings and appeal meetings;• Involved in and assisted partners in business development to grow the client base. Senior Tax Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Conduct detailed review and or / prepare federal and multi-state tax returns for partnerships, corporations, organization exempt, and estate and trust with supporting worksheets. Prepare consolidated state return for corporation with supporting worksheets.Work as part of multi-disciplinary team helping to provide industry knowledge and experiencePrepare and analyze tax and accounting informationInvolved in tax research issues including written and verbal advice Research complex tax issues using internal revenue code, treasury regulations and other relevant authorities/guidance. Loan Staff from KPMG - Finance Consultant Company Name AT&T, Inc Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Prepare federal, multi- state and city income tax returns for partnerships, corporations and insurance company with supporting worksheets. Prepare consolidated insurance federal and state return for corporation with supporting documents.Prepare state apportionment worksheetsPrepare draft correspondence with IRS or state taxing authorities in relation to tax notices.Research state and franchise tax questions using CCH database.Prepare tax accounting changing method calculations for federal returns.Prepare annual letter special calculations §481(a) adjustment for federal returns.Maintain files to support research associated with tax audits.*Analyze accounting information for consolidated federal return. Tax Assoicate Company Name Thong, Yu, Wong & Lee LLP Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo •Prepare federal and multi-state income tax returns for individuals, partnerships and corporations with supporting documents.•Prepare financial statement quarterly and annually. •Research and draft technical memoranda regarding income and franchise tax questions using CCH database.•Prepare various federal, state and local governmental forms for payroll, sales and used tax, city business license.•Prepare clients for discussions with auditors, represent clients at hearings and at appeal meetings and prepare protests. See more positions Education National University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 KSPC Pasadena City College See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Excel 1 Microsoft Excel Alan Tomasiewicz has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Word 1 Microsoft Word Tatyana Aleksina has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kim Sabol Partner at Thong,Yu, Wong & Lee LLP April 2, 2009, Clara reported directly to Kim Kim taught me a lot accounting concept/ tax knowledge when I worked in TYWL. I loved to work with her. :) Accomplishments Clara has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests Facebook 1,567,789 followers Google 4,938,104 followers San Diego State University Alumni - SDSU Aztecs 23,566 members Anchen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 552 followers KS&Co 701 followers Pasadena City College 39,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ying has a account Ying Liu Experienced Tax Accountant -- CPA Candidate LW TAX & ACCOUNTING SERVICES, INC. University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Bellevue, Washington 57 57 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name LW TAX & ACCOUNTING SERVICES, INC. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Bellevue, WA Bookkeeper Company Name REGENCY REALTIES, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Foreign Trade Merchandiser Company Name BEIJING GARMENT EXPORT & IMPORT CORPORATION INC. Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Beijng, China Education University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Master of Professional Accounting Field Of Study Taxation Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Field Of Study Accounting Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 University of International Business and Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Economics Field Of Study International Business, Trade Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Endorsed by Pavel Suarez, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Vivian (Qingyu) Wong, CPA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 1 endorsement for Corporate Tax 1 Corporate Tax Vivian (Qingyu) Wong, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Washington State University 133,552 followers University of International Business and Economics 34,897 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,688 followers University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 28,485 followers 对外经济贸易大学 32,927 followers University of Washington Masters in Taxation (FKA MPAcc Tax) 247 members See all See all following
More Actions Monica has a account Monica (tax accountant) ea at hyton accounting hyton accounting Greater New York City Area 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience ea Company Name hyton accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Sharon has a account Sharon Muller Tax Manager at Michael Silver & Company CPAs Michael Silver & Company CPAs Illinois State University Skokie, Illinois 165 165 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Skokie, IL Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Skokie, IL Tax Staff Company Name Michael Silver & Company CPAs Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo I served as a staffperson on the tax team at Michael Silver Tax Manager Company Name PwC Dates Employed 1982 – 1993 Employment Duration 11 yrs Education Illinois State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1982 DePaul University Degree Name Master of Science in Taxation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Accounting See 11 endorsements for Tax Accounting 11 Tax Accounting Endorsed by Eliot H. Rosenwald, CPA, CVA, ABV and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 8 endorsements for Tax Preparation 8 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Kolesnikov Natalya and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 7 endorsements for Tax 7 Tax Endorsed by Joseph P. (Joe) Roznai, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Sharon’s colleagues at Michael Silver & Company, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Joe Casey, CPA Tax Analyst at Medline Industries, Inc. June 25, 2013, Joe reported directly to Sharon Sharon is an accomplished tax professional with many years of experience. I have had the pleasure of working with her a great deal this past tax season, during which time she has offered a remarkable display of knowledge, poise, and understanding. Sharon’s guidance on career development, as well as her constructive and detailed explanations of certain tax issues, has further fostered the growth of my own tax career. It must be noted that Sharon is not only a skilled accountant, but an exceptional individual as well. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Michael Silver & Company, LLC 262 followers Illinois State University 126,800 followers DePaul University 150,169 followers DePaul University 155,912 followers PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,179 members The Illinois CPA Society (ICPAS) 3,487 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Hudson Tax Accountant at Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. University of Arkansas at Little Rock Little Rock, Arkansas 213 213 connections Send InMail I graduated from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting. I have over 10 years experience as a tax accountant. I specialize in services to wholesale auto, retail, restaurant, small businesses, individuals, trusts and small non-profit organizations. I have a lot of experience helping businesses and individuals with income taxation, tax planning, tax return preparation and financial statements. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Hudson Tax and Accounting Services, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs I graduated from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting. I also have a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. I have over 10 years experience in accounting. I specialize in services to the auto industry, restaurants, small businesses, individuals, and trusts. Within the areas that I specialize I consult and plan with clients about their business or individual needs throughout the year. I prepare tax returns for individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts and payroll clients. I also prepare monthly financial statements for a variety of clients. Senior Accountant Company Name Young & Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Prepared all types of tax returns, payroll services, and boobkkeeping. Education University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Catholic High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Kristen Kurtz and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Tiffany Rea and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Returns See 10 endorsements for Tax Returns 10 Tax Returns Vicky Morris and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests International Tax Planners 9,908 members Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,153,046 followers International Institute for Tax & Finance 4,276 followers American Tax Experts 2,441 members Bookkeepers & Accountants Marketing Group 746 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members See all See all following
More Actions Aziz has a account Aziz Nasher, CPA, CA Director, Wealth Planning at BMO Wealth Management - Canada BMO Wealth Management - Canada CPA Canada Canada 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Aziz’s Activity 1,076 followers The Government of Canada cracks down on tax cheating in real estate transactions Aziz liked See all activity Experience Director, Wealth Planning Company Name BMO Wealth Management - Canada Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Ottawa, ON BMO Wealth Management | Enterprise Wealth Planning | HNW Wealth Planning Services Tax Consultant Company Name Paterson & Company Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Ottawa, Canada Area Sessional Lecturer - Tax Company Name Carleton University Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Certified Tennis Instructor, Tennis Canada Company Name Professional Tennis Institute Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Tax Manager Company Name Collins Barrow Ottawa LLP Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos See more positions Education CPA Canada Degree Name In-depth Tax Course Part III Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 CICA Degree Name In-depth Tax Course Part I & II Field Of Study Tax Law/Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario Degree Name UFE Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 Successfully completed the Uniform Final Evaluation in 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 55 endorsements for Corporate Tax 55 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Rosa Maria Iuliano, M.Acc, CPA, CA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Aziz’s colleagues at Carleton University Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 50 endorsements for Tax 50 Tax Endorsed by Amir Assadollahbaik, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aziz’s colleagues at Carleton University Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 39 endorsements for Income Tax 39 Income Tax Endorsed by Rosa Maria Iuliano, M.Acc, CPA, CA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aziz’s colleagues at Carleton University Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Aziz has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Interests BMO Business Banking - Canada 4,871 followers Chartered Accountants of Canada Candidates 2,611 members Concordia University Alumni Association 18,779 members Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants 5,322 followers Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members Tesla 1,031,384 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Tullie, CPA, MST, MBA Director of Taxes at Acushnet Company Acushnet Company Bentley University Greater Boston Area 216 216 connections Send InMail Specialties: Expert in FAS 109 (Accounting for Income Taxes) and FIN 48. Extensive expertise in all phases of corporate tax (international, federal, and state). Highlights Experience Senior Director of Taxes Company Name Acushnet Company Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 4 mos Expert in all areas of corporate taxation including FAS 109 and FIN 48, both domestically and internationally. Expert knowledge in all areas of federal and multistate taxation. Extensive experience in international taxation including cash repatriation and tax accounting. Extensive experience in management of federal and state income tax audits. Vice President Tax Company Name Premcor Refining Group, Inc. Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsible for all aspects of a 14 person tax department. Compliance, planning, tax accounting, income, sales/use, excise tax. SEC registrant. Premcor was acquired by Valero in 2005. Director of Tax and Internal Audit Company Name Ocean Spray Cranberries Dates Employed 1984 – 2003 Employment Duration 19 yrs Managed and executed all aspects of corporate taxation, including international, federal, and multistate. Education Bentley University Degree Name MST Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1980 University of Massachusetts Dartmouth Degree Name BA Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1978 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Tim Crowley Vice President of Global Tax at Samsonite October 16, 2009, John managed Tim directly Tim is a great CPA. He has outstanding technical skills and is a great manager of people. We worked together for many years, and I would hire him again in a second. He is great to work with. Very calm under pressure and always produces quality work on time. Peter Terenzio HRBP Manager Global Refining, Projects, and Procurement at Phillips 66 March 4, 2009, John worked with Peter in different groups Peter took over the HR function at a very stressful time. We were moving our corporate headquarters from St. Louis, MO to Greenwich, CT. Thanks to Peter, our staffing and HR needs never missed a beat. He ran the best HR function that I have ever been associated with. You simply can't have a better person as head of your HR function. He is a true leader.John TullieDirector of Taxes, Acushnet Company View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Alex MalleyAlex Malley is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief executive at CPA Australia 528,508 followers Bentley University 62,060 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University 11,744 followers University of Massachusetts 51,664 followers Bentley University 58,583 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sherry has a account Sherry Burkhardt Tax Accountant at Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Littleton, Colorado 133 133 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tazx Accountant Company Name Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos I have operated and managed as a Tax Accountant in the Littleton, Coarea with 25 years experiance Tax Accountant Company Name Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Dave Cook and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Dave Cook and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 8 endorsements for Financial Reporting 8 Financial Reporting Greg Pixley and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Luke Tax Principal at Vasquez & Company LLP Vasquez & Company LLP University of Pittsburgh School of Law Greater Los Angeles Area 10 10 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Principal Company Name Vasquez & Company LLP Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area responsible for the tax and consulting department at the Company Education University of Pittsburgh School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Business and Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Pepperdine University, The George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Nebraska Wesleyan University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Vasquez & Company LLP 542 followers Pepperdine Graziadio School of Business and Management 25,931 followers Nebraska Wesleyan University 10,329 followers Nebraska Wesleyan University 10,620 followers University of Pittsburgh School of Law 26,219 followers Pepperdine Graziadio School of Business and Management 25,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henk has a account Henk Janson Tax Accountant at Goodbook Tax Accountancy Goodbook Tax Accountancy NIvRA Groningen Area, Netherlands 131 131 connections Send InMail Tax accountant knows how to integrate tax obligations in financial accounting. Specialist tax audits and compliance Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Goodbook Tax Accountancy Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Bloemendaal en Makkinga Two marvelous villages with beautiful people Member Company Name De Daalse Lente Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Bloemendaal Moet je zeker eens gaan kijken ra Company Name Symbiosenet Dates Employed 2011 – 2011 Employment Duration less than a year Accountant Company Name Belastingdienst Dates Employed Sep 1977 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 30 yrs 10 mos Location Amsterdam region Tax Investigations Account Manager large entities Education NIvRA Degree Name RA Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1986 Volunteer Experience Voorzitter Company Name Uitvaartvereniging De Laatste Eer Makkinga Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Penningmeester Company Name Museum Oold Ark Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Museum oude gereedschappen Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Bert Iles and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Interim Management See 4 endorsements for Interim Management 4 Interim Management Bert Iles and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Han Bijlholt and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Henk has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English French Italian Interests MYtaxjob.nl 2,192 members de daalse lente 242 members Goodbook Tax Accountancy 2 followers Symbiosenet 25 members Tax Control Framework (TCF) 2,308 members
More Actions Rich has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rich Karpie Senior Assurance Associate at PwC PwC State University of New York at Buffalo Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Assurance Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Assurance Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Student Company Name University at Buffalo Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Assurance Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Corporate Accounting Intern Company Name Rich Products Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Prepare all intercompany reconciliations, and work with all plant controllers to keep these accounts current.Work to prepare the monthly exchange rates for countries in which Rich Products has customers and vendors.Responsible for preparing the monthly Cremes Unlimited Financial Statements See more positions Education State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rich’s colleagues at University at Buffalo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Cheryl Chamberlain and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 3 endorsements for Corporate Finance 3 Corporate Finance Cheryl Chamberlain and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests COAP Alumni 470 members Building Buffalo NY 58 members National Fuel Gas Company 3,673 followers SUNY Buffalo 6,663 members University at Buffalo School of Management Alumni 5,277 members Leadership and Success Discussion Group 5,565 members See all See all following
More Actions Luz has a account Luz De La Torre Staff Accountant at McDowell, Dillon & Hunter McDowell, Dillon & Hunter Greater Los Angeles Area 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name McDowell, Dillon & Hunter Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests McDowell, Dillon & Hunter 74 followers
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Waller Tax Accountant at Cherry Bekaert LLP Cherry Bekaert LLP Miami, Florida 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,623 followers
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Tarr Tax Manager at CF Industries, Inc. CF Industries, Inc. Florida State University - College of Business Greater Chicago Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name CF Industries, Inc. Education Florida State University - College of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1975 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Florida State University - College of Business 39,857 followers Florida State University - College of Business 39,540 followers CF Industries 14,060 followers
More Actions Leonard has a account Leonard Tax accountant -- Canada 6 6 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Henk has a account Henk Janson Tax Accountant at Goodbook Tax Accountancy Goodbook Tax Accountancy NIvRA Groningen Area, Netherlands 131 131 connections Send InMail Tax accountant knows how to integrate tax obligations in financial accounting. Specialist tax audits and compliance Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Goodbook Tax Accountancy Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Bloemendaal en Makkinga Two marvelous villages with beautiful people Member Company Name De Daalse Lente Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Bloemendaal Moet je zeker eens gaan kijken ra Company Name Symbiosenet Dates Employed 2011 – 2011 Employment Duration less than a year Accountant Company Name Belastingdienst Dates Employed Sep 1977 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 30 yrs 10 mos Location Amsterdam region Tax Investigations Account Manager large entities Education NIvRA Degree Name RA Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1986 Volunteer Experience Voorzitter Company Name Uitvaartvereniging De Laatste Eer Makkinga Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Penningmeester Company Name Museum Oold Ark Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Museum oude gereedschappen Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 7 endorsements for Corporate Tax 7 Corporate Tax Bert Iles and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Interim Management See 4 endorsements for Interim Management 4 Interim Management Bert Iles and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Han Bijlholt and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Henk has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English French Italian Interests Tax Control Framework (TCF) 2,308 members de daalse lente 242 members Goodbook Tax Accountancy 2 followers MYtaxjob.nl 2,192 members Symbiosenet 25 members
More Actions Sherry has a account Sherry Burkhardt Tax Accountant at Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Littleton, Colorado 133 133 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tazx Accountant Company Name Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos I have operated and managed as a Tax Accountant in the Littleton, Coarea with 25 years experiance Tax Accountant Company Name Sherry L. Burkhardt Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1988 – Present Employment Duration 29 yrs 6 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 18 endorsements for Tax 18 Tax Dave Cook and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 11 endorsements for Accounting 11 Accounting Dave Cook and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 8 endorsements for Financial Reporting 8 Financial Reporting Greg Pixley and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Waller Tax Accountant at Cherry Bekaert LLP Cherry Bekaert LLP Miami, Florida 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,623 followers
More Actions Rich has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rich Karpie Senior Assurance Associate at PwC PwC State University of New York at Buffalo Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Assurance Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Assurance Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Student Company Name University at Buffalo Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Assurance Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Buffalo/Niagara, New York Area Corporate Accounting Intern Company Name Rich Products Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Prepare all intercompany reconciliations, and work with all plant controllers to keep these accounts current.Work to prepare the monthly exchange rates for countries in which Rich Products has customers and vendors.Responsible for preparing the monthly Cremes Unlimited Financial Statements See more positions Education State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 State University of New York at Buffalo Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Endorsed by 3 of Rich’s colleagues at University at Buffalo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 5 endorsements for Financial Accounting 5 Financial Accounting Cheryl Chamberlain and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 3 endorsements for Corporate Finance 3 Corporate Finance Cheryl Chamberlain and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests COAP Alumni 470 members National Fuel Gas Company 3,673 followers Rich Products Corporation Worldwide Employees & Alumni Group 1,214 members Beta Alpha Psi 27,413 members Western New York 37 members University at Buffalo School of Management Alumni 5,277 members See all See all following
More Actions Vanessa has a account Vanessa Sisler Tax Accountant III and Trust Officer at Regions Bank Regions Bank University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business Mobile, Alabama 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Tax Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Fiduciary Taxation, Trust Document Review, Data Analysis, and Microsoft Office. Strong finance professional with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) focused in Accounting from University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant III and Trust Officer Company Name Regions Bank Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 11 mos Accounting Clerk Company Name Batchelor's Mechanical Contractors, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Mobile, Alabama Education University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Grade 3.6 GPA Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Regions Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Fiduciary Taxation See 2 endorsements for Fiduciary Taxation 2 Fiduciary Taxation Joshua Jones and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Document Review See 2 endorsements for Document Review 2 Document Review Endorsed by 2 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Regions Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vanessa has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Cannon Financial Institute - Trust Tax I Southern Trust School Graduate Interests The Wall Street Journal 2,530,768 followers Forbes 4,680,391 followers CNNMoney 1,147,931 followers Bloomberg 1,268,890 followers University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business 1,149 followers Regions Bank 51,097 followers
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Tarr Tax Manager at CF Industries, Inc. CF Industries, Inc. Florida State University - College of Business Greater Chicago Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name CF Industries, Inc. Education Florida State University - College of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1975 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CF Industries 14,060 followers Florida State University - College of Business 39,539 followers Florida State University - College of Business 39,857 followers
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Jessie Tax Accountant II, Certified Acceptance Agent Wake Forest University Guilford College Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area 35 35 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Wake Forest University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Prepare Forms 990, 990-T, 926, and 8865 for the University and it's two Foundations. Prepare Form 5471 for foreign subsidiairy. Prepare 22-28 state returns for the University. Determine tax liabilty for foreign nationals. Serve as a member of the Financial Services web site Core Committee and Steering Committee. Web site content editor for the Tax Department webpage. Tax research for students, staff and faculty. Staff Accountant Company Name Apple, Koceja & Associates Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Prepare federal and state income tax returns for individuals, sole proprietorships, partnerships, C corporations, S-Corporations, and trusts using Prosystems Fx and ProSeries. Conduct tax research and act as a resource to both clients and other staff members. Prepare bank reconciliations and financial statements for clients. Prepare semi-monthly payroll for clients. Revenue Agent, Small Business/Self-Employed Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area Conduct field audits of individual; sole proprietorship; and corporate tax returns. Research tax law and apply the law as required. Advise taxpayers of methods and procedures to ensure future compliance. Act as a resource person to both taxpayers and coworkers for tax related issues. Conduct interviews with taxpayers, tax preparers, Certified Public Accountants, and corporate officers prior to the examination of books and records. Shipper/Receiver Company Name Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Inc Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Shipper- Palletize orders for shipment. Prepare computer-generated bills of lading. Responsible for shipping and receiving of product using forklift. Arrange for pickup of freight with carriers. Responsible for receiving of incoming product, returns, and supplies. Material Handler- Pulled and packed orders utilizing hand-held RF scanner. Responsible for stock replenishment using standup forklift. Conducted inventory both manually and by use of hand-held RF scanner. Education Guilford College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting 2005 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Received 2002 Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Beth Forrest and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Endorsed by Anne Davenport, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Wake Forest University Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 2 endorsements for Payroll 2 Payroll Endorsed by Anne Davenport, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of North Carolina at Charlotte 112,320 followers Visit www.facebook.com/irstaxpros or www.irs.gov/taxpros 3,406 followers Wake Forest University 49,887 followers UNC Charlotte Alumni 11,573 members Cone Health 9,467 followers Wake Forest University School of Medicine 10,612 followers See all See all following
More Actions Susan C. has a account Susan C. Havens Financial Advisor and Tax Professional Aprio, the new name for HA+W Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA Greater Atlanta Area 266 266 connections Send InMail Motivated financial consultant and tax professional with over 18 years public accounting and industry experience. Client service lead proactively communicating with clients to assess, analyze and implement strategies and solutions to meet needs and goals. This includes managing an internal team and coordinating services to educate and provide financial planning, tax planning and compliance, retirement planning, estate planning, gifting options, budgeting, insurance and family office services. Enjoy working with people and have proven interpersonal skills consistently building strong relationships while providing an exemplary level of customer service. Public accounting tax background working with a variety of industries with corporations, partnerships, LLC's and trusts compliments and provides essential experience to effectively serve customers. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Manager, Private Client Services Company Name Aprio, the new name for HA+W Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area Principal Company Name Pathstone Family Office (Harris MyCFO) Dates Employed 2010 – 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Atlanta, GA Client service advisor to multiple high net worth and multi-generational families with average net worth of $50 million.Lead, organize and facilitate quarterly family meetings for clients across all service lines to educate and provide wealth management services.Collaborate with external professionals of attorneys, valuation specialists, corporate trustees and real estate professionals to procure information to align with client’s objectives.Assist clients with philanthropic goals of funding, DAF's and foundations.Natural leader recognized as a high-integrity team player producing results by equipping and empowering people to facilitate and execute family strategies. Tax Manager Company Name Bennett Thrasher, PC Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Independently managed tax engagements annually for clients in a variety of ownership structures in a tax and business consulting capacity. Selected to attend 2009 DFK Management Leadership Training by the firm. Served as key business advisor to clients in multiple industries including professional service firms, health care, technology, hospitality, distribution, construction, real estate, manufacturing and closely held family owned businesses.Pro-actively developed tax strategies for clients operating in a variety of ownership structures including corporations, partnerships, and high net worth individuals to minimize taxes.Excelled in supervising, reviewing and training staff with tax preparation and projections to serve clients more effectively and efficiently.Have a track record for building strong customer relationships by actively listening, addressing their needs and prompt follow through. Identified opportunities and took action to maintain business development efforts, networking and client interaction. President Company Name Susan C. Havens, Inc. Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Real Estate Consultant - Independent Contractor/Realtor with broker Harry Norman, RealtorsAwarded Branch "Rookie of the Year" award for sales volume and units. Tax Supervisor Company Name McGladrey & Pullen, LLP, Burlington, MA Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs (Offered promotion to Manager -declined due to pending relocation to Atlanta, GA) Performed as a Tax Manager to hundreds of clients in tax and business consulting engagements in a variety of ownership structures.Business advisor to clients in multiple industries including construction, real estate, manufacturing, personal service, not for profits, etc.Demonstrated strong skills compiling, analyzing, formulating and communicating technical tax saving strategies to clients for their businesses and to high net worth individuals.Shown and recognized for leadership capabilities:-Selected to participate in 2002-2003 Women's Mentor program at McGladrey.-Taught and implemented National's Tax Standardization project at the local economic unit in MA to streamline process and increase efficiency.-Served as principal speaker to Financial Services firm on 2001 Tax Reconciliation Act and full range of services offered by the Firm.-Planned and facilitated tax department meetings for over two years. Education Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Volunteer Experience ReNew Mentor Company Name Buckhead Church Volunteer Company Name Buckhead Christian Ministry Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA CPA No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership Skills Leadership Skills No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Planning See 1 endorsement for Tax Planning 1 Tax Planning Patty Warren has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Susan C. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (CPA) -Dual Certified GA and MA Personal Financial Specialist (PFS) Interests CPA & Business Professional Group 79,166 members Financial Planning Association (FPA) 10,483 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,868,293 followers Aprio Employees and Alumni 492 members Aprio 2,381 followers
More Actions ANIL has a account ANIL BHATT Owner, ANIL B BHATT CPA ANIL B BHATT CPA WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF LAW, WASHINGTON INSTITUTE OF GRADUATE STUDIES, UTAH, UNITED STATES Greater New York City Area 172 172 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name ANIL B BHATT CPA Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 9 mos Location 20 Nassau st ste 513,Princeton NJ 08542 Providing accounting services to small businesses and non profits,tax planning and preparation of taxes for individuals and businesses,tax compliance for non profits and general financial planning for individual and small businesses.Seeking out individuals,businesses and organizations with social purpose. Audit Manager Company Name Konigsberg Wolf & Company Dates Employed Dec 1996 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Location 440 Park Ave S,NY NY Financial audits,reviews,and compilations of commercial entities and non profits.Tax planning and tax preparation of businesses and high net worth individuals.Tax compliance for non profits.Management advisory services in cash flow management,cost analysis,and assistance with forecasts,projections and personal financial statements in connection with loans and bank facilities.Consultation and advice with respect to clients' Human resource needs.Due diligence with respect to business acquisition deals AUDIT MANAGER Company Name Martin Leventhal & company Dates Employed Jul 1988 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Location 350 Fifth Avenue NY NY Financial compilations,reviews and audits of commercial entities,government assisted programs,and non profits.Tax planning and preparation for businesses and high net worth clients.Tax compliance for non profits. SENIOR ACCOUNTANT Company Name Sommer Abraham & Co Dates Employed Feb 1987 – Apr 1988 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Madison Ave NY NY Conducted and teamed various financial reviews,compilations and audits.Preparation and tax projections for commercial entities and individuals. SENIOR ACCOUNTANT Company Name Leslie Sufrin & Co Dates Employed Jul 1982 – Feb 1987 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location 325 Fifth Ave NY NY Financial audits,reviews,compilations of commercial as well as non profits.Evaluation of internal controls.Individual and corporate tax preparation.Non profit tax compliance. See more positions Education WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF LAW, WASHINGTON INSTITUTE OF GRADUATE STUDIES, UTAH, UNITED STATES Degree Name M TAX Field Of Study TAXATION OF INDIVIDUALS,BUSINESS,NON PROFIT TAXATION,TAX PLANNING Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2001 American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Degree Name Certified Public Accountantancy Field Of Study Accounting practice and theory, Cost Accounting, Taxation, Business Laws Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 Pace University Degree Name ACCOUNTING Field Of Study PREREQUISITE FOR CPA Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 27 endorsements for Accounting 27 Accounting Endorsed by Lynn Albala and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 20 endorsements for Auditing 20 Auditing Endorsed by Lynn Albala, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 16 endorsements for Finance 16 Finance Yuliya Staggs and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments ANIL has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Recovering from the Recovery Interests University of Washington School of Law 6,889 followers University of Washington School of Law 7,159 followers University of Mumbai 472,795 followers University of Mumbai 482,527 followers Pace University 69,559 followers Pace University 66,051 followers
More Actions Luz has a account Luz De La Torre Staff Accountant at McDowell, Dillon & Hunter McDowell, Dillon & Hunter Greater Los Angeles Area 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Accountant Company Name McDowell, Dillon & Hunter Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests McDowell, Dillon & Hunter 74 followers
More Actions Deanna has a account Deanna Horschel, CPA In-charge Accountant - DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP SUNY Geneseo Rochester, New York 187 187 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience In-Charge Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Rochester, New York Area - Personal Tax Compliance- Personal Tax Planning- Personal Tax Return Review- Tax and Business Research - Wealth Management Planning & Consultation - Responsible for mentoring and training staff - Maintaining and strengthening client relationships - Proactive client education (webinars) Experienced Staff Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Rochester, New York Area - Personal Tax Compliance - Tax and business research - Develop presentation and communication skills - Becoming proficient in the use of ProSystems FX Tax, PFX Engagement, Intelliconnect- Understanding firms procedures surrounding documentation, client service standards, professional presence Staff Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Rochester, New York Area Coach Company Name Skating Club of the Finger Lakes Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Geneseo, NY Teaching young children basics of figure skating. And maintaining professional relationships and providing customer service to parents and other coaches. Education SUNY Geneseo Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Jamestown Community College Degree Name Associate of Science (A.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Director Company Name Skating Club of the Finger Lakes Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 9 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 7 endorsements for Tax Preparation 7 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Deanna has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests State University of New York Empire State College 35,927 followers Jamestown Community College 7,707 followers Jamestown Community College Alumni 267 members Klainer Center for Women & Business 36 members Wegmans Food Markets 45,830 followers Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Volunteers 11,913 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Hainkel Executive Vice President & Chief Tax Officer at Lions Gate Entertainment Lions Gate Entertainment University of Houston Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Executive Vice President & Chief Tax Officer Company Name Lions Gate Entertainment Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Managing Director Company Name JMH Consulting Dates Employed May 2002 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Camarillo, CA Senior Manager, EY National Office West Company Name Ernst & Young LLP Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Senior Manager - Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed 1997 – 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs Manager of Taxation Company Name Moorman Manufacturing Corporation Dates Employed Jan 1994 – Jul 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Quincy, Illinois See more positions Education University of Houston Degree Name MSA Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1979 University of Houston Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1978 Activities and Societies: Sigma Nu Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 86 endorsements for Accounting 86 Accounting Endorsed by Irwin J. Jacobson, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 57 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 57 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Shane Mincer 🌎 🇺🇸 🌞 and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 48 endorsements for Financial Reporting 48 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Irwin J. Jacobson, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Tori Posa Senior Summit Producer at marcus evans Group November 19, 2015, Michael worked with Tori but at different companies I just returned from the marcus evans Tax Officers Summit. Tori Posa produced the summit and did a phenomenal job. I spoke at the conference and must say that it could not have been more professionally organized and executed. She made preparing for and attending the conference painless. Her teammates were organized and extremely helpful. It was the best execution of the four conferences that I have attended. Ms. Posa is extremely organized, very personable, poised beyond her years and demonstrates excellent customer relations skills. The performance of her team, both before and during the conference, speaks to her management skills. I hope that she is producing this conference for quite some time. Jai Kim Attorney at Kring & Chung, LLP July 6, 2010, Michael was a client of Jai’s Jai exhibited a tremendous work ethic, solid technical skills and the ability to work well with people from many different technical backgrounds to accomplish whatever I asked of him. While working for me he helped save the company approximately $500K on one project, alone. Accomplishments Interests Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Lionsgate 68,744 followers Accounting, Audit & Taxation Professionals 2,696 members University of Houston 223,113 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,803 followers Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,186 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Telford Xero Superhero Telford Associates Limited University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Sellindge, Kent, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Mark is a Qualified Chartered Accountant and experienced Finance Director. With 16 years experience in industry and commerce, 12 years in senior board level accounting and finance positions of large organisations. Mark is now using the skills and experience gained as an Accountant and Finance Director to add value to SME's through a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. Telford Associates want to help you pay less tax and keep more of the profit your business earns. Telford Associates are Chartered Accountants based in Kent who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, payroll, finance and business consultancy services to clients in Kent and London. We specifically work in the small and medium sized business sector where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates recognise that many SME’s need support from dedicated business advisors there to help them develop and grow their business, but also to provide assistance when times are hard. Telford Associates are the ‘trusted advisor’ to their clients and in many cases have become an integral part of the company management team. Specialties: Chartered Accountant, Accountancy, Accountant, Taxation, Tax Planning, Business Consultancy, Financial Management, Qualified Accountant, Finance Director, Part-Time Finance Director, Property, Construction, Civil Engineering, Utilities, Infrastructure, IT Infrastructure, Property Management, Business Turnaround, SME Finance Director, Funding, Cash Management, Cash Flow, Improve Cash Flow, Business Advice, Business Strategy, Business Plans, Budgeting and Forecasting, Save Tax, Tax Efficiencies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Sellindge, Kent Telford Associates are Chartered Accountants who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. As Accountants we specifically work in the micro and small business sectors where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are Accountants who able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates recognise that many small businesses need support from dedicated Accountants and Business Advisers there to help them develop and grow their business, but also to provide assistance when times are hard. Telford Associates are the ‘trusted advisor’ to their clients and in many cases have become an integral part of the company management team. Chartered Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Sellindge, Kent Chartered Accountant Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Accountant Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Telford Associates are a firm of Chartered Accountants based in Kent who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. We are accountants who specifically work in the micro and small business sectors where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates was founded by Mark Telford, a Qualified Chartered Accountant and experienced Finance Director with more than 16 years experience in industry and commerce, 12 years in senior board level accounting and finance positions of large organisations. Mark recognised the need to provide small and medium sized businesses with a personalised level of accountancy and taxation services with high technical knowledge backed up by real life business experience gained within a commercial setting. Group Finance Director Company Name Holleran Group Limited Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Negotiated improved banking facilities for overdraft, loan and bond facilities.Arranged the finance for the purchase of new company Head Office and refinancing of an existing regional office.Introduced a structured budget process and timetable which resulted in the prompt issue of budgets at the year end for all group companies.Introduced Group Procedural Manual, documenting policy to be followed, covering all key areas of the business.Introduced an internal audit programme to evaluate the procedural manual and test its operation.Introduced a group purchasing policy to improve efficiency and reduce cost. See more positions Education University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Degree Name BA Hons Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Drank and played sport, ended up with a Desmond. Tarporley County High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cash Flow See 74 endorsements for Cash Flow 74 Cash Flow Endorsed by Jamie O'Connell and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Planning See 53 endorsements for Business Planning 53 Business Planning Endorsed by Peter Rufus and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 53 endorsements for Tax 53 Tax Endorsed by Sohal Patel BA(Hons) FCCA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (26) Given (14) Annabelle Webster Director - South East Timber & Damp Limited April 13, 2013, Annabelle was a client of Mark’s I found Mark on Linkedin and he really is a superb accountant, personable, helpful, patient! and has really given us some great solid advice on how to ensure we are aware of all tax benefits. He is quick to answer questions and explain and moved us onto the AMAZING Xero which now makes my book keeping a PLEASURE rather than a chore ! I cannot recommend Mark highly enough ! David Haylor Managing Director - IAC April 11, 2013, David was a client of Mark’s I was looking for an accountant who would not only take on the key accountancy tasks my business required, but also act as an advisor. Mark has surpassed all expectations by not only fulfilling all of the work we need doing to a very high standard, but more importantly by being proactive with ideas and suggestions and by being responsive and informative when advice is asked for. I have already recommended Mark's services to a number of other businesses and will continue to do so. View 24 more recommendations View 24 more recommendations recommendations Robert Vickers Group CEO Clugston Group February 21, 2013, Robert worked with Mark in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Bob for a mutual client on a very complex and difficult construction project. Bob succeeded in ensuring that the project was delivered on time and with an increased project profitability which appeared unobtainable at the time he was initially engaged.Bob's belief in doing things the right way and supporting his team earned him the respect of those he worked with and external third parties.I would have no hesitation in recommending Bob where a senior manager or executive is needed to steer a project from any stage through to a successful conclusion. Annabelle Webster Director - South East Timber & Damp Limited October 6, 2012, Mark worked with Annabelle in different groups Annabelle manages to get the balance right being very friendly and encouraging and professional and business like at the same time. This positive approach is enabling her business to become well established and grow at a steady rate, even in these difficult economic times. The long list of client recommendations clearly demonstrates what an excellent service her company provides. View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Mark has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Xero Certified Advisor FCA Mark has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Mark has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICAEW Interests Stanton House 7,576 followers The Profitable Accountant 9,710 members Business Support Network UK 28,336 members Kent Business Directory 2,144 members GetApp.com 21,098 followers SME Academy - Small Business Growth 1,700 members See all See all following
More Actions Vanessa has a account Vanessa Sisler Tax Accountant III and Trust Officer at Regions Bank Regions Bank University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business Mobile, Alabama 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Tax Accountant with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Fiduciary Taxation, Trust Document Review, Data Analysis, and Microsoft Office. Strong finance professional with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) focused in Accounting from University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant III and Trust Officer Company Name Regions Bank Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 11 mos Accounting Clerk Company Name Batchelor's Mechanical Contractors, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Mobile, Alabama Education University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Grade 3.6 GPA Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Regions Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Fiduciary Taxation See 2 endorsements for Fiduciary Taxation 2 Fiduciary Taxation Joshua Jones and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Document Review See 2 endorsements for Document Review 2 Document Review Endorsed by 2 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Regions Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vanessa has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Cannon Financial Institute - Trust Tax I Southern Trust School Graduate Interests Forbes 4,680,399 followers Bloomberg 1,268,892 followers University of South Alabama Mitchell College of Business 1,149 followers CNNMoney 1,147,932 followers Regions Bank 51,097 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,773 followers
More Actions Sachini has a account Sachini Gallella Tax Accountant at MJ Maling & Associates MJ Maling and Associates CPA Australia Melbourne, Australia 101 101 connections Send InMail Sachini has overall 5 years of work experience in tax accounting to date. Currently, Sachini is working as a CPA qualified Tax Consultant at MJ Maling & Associates. Previously, she has worked as an Accounting Intern at Selv Accounting, bearing key responsibilities of bookkeeping and preparing accounting setups for companies using MYOB/QuickBooks softwares. Sachini has hands on experience in preparation of tax returns for Individuals, Partnerships, Companies and Trusts across various industries including Construction, Legal, Healthcare and Government services. In addition, she has experience in preparing and lodging BAS, preparing Asset Register, Rental Property Schedules, Capital Gains Schedules, Dividend & Franking Account Schedules. Sachini’s key competencies include team working & interpersonal skills, analytical & problem solving skills, ability to work under tight time constraints and strong work ethic. She is passionate about her career and eager to progress in tax accounting field. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name MJ Maling and Associates Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos • Preparing and lodging Individual, Partnership, Company and Trust Income Tax Returns for clients with a net worth upto $10 million• Preparing Asset Register & Depreciation Schedules• Preparing Rental Investment Property Schedules including Capital Allowance & Depreciation Schedules• Preparing Capital Gains Schedules• Calculating Small Business CGT concessions• Preparing and reconciling Division 7A loan issues, Employee FBT Contributions, Stock reconciliation and intercompany loan accounts• Preparing and reconciling Dividend & Franking Account Schedules• Preparing Annual PAYG Certificates & Annual PAYG Summary statements• Preparing PAYG Withholding Variation applications• Preparing Annual Workcover Certification• Preparing and lodging Business Activity Statements & Instalment Activity Statements. • Accessing Australian Taxation Office (ATO) Online Portal and downloading client reports• Preparing financial reports including Profit & Loss Statements, Balance Sheets and other related reports using MYOB, QuickBooks and Solution 6 software• Analysing and entering data on Pre Filling Reports, Financial Reports and client provided documents into Accountants Enterprise (AE) Tax software• Responding to ATO and client inquiries via telephone calls, emails and letters Accounting Intern Company Name Selv Accounting Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Melbourne, Australia • Performed bookkeeping duties including classifying and entering financialtransactions on a regular basis. Experienced in entering journal entries,reconciling accounts and preparing financial reports. Gained skills in MicrosoftExcel (spreadsheets, sort functions, filters, graphs, v look-up), Word and Outlook.• Developed the initial accounting setup for companies using MYOB software. Developed skills in utilizing the key features of MYOB software.• Verified and audited client’s Balance Sheets and Profit and Loss statements including checking invoices, bank and credit card statements for correct entry and mathematical accuracy. Gained skills in auditing including reporting discrepancies found in financial statements and preparing work papers for reconciliations. Education CPA Australia Field Of Study CPA Professional Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Monash Professional Pathways Degree Name Professional Year Program Field Of Study Business and Social Skills Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 RMIT University Degree Name Master of Professional Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements QuickBooks See 5 endorsements for QuickBooks 5 QuickBooks Melody LIRAN YU and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 4 endorsements for Bookkeeping 4 Bookkeeping Melody LIRAN YU and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Partnership Taxation See 4 endorsements for Partnership Taxation 4 Partnership Taxation Melody LIRAN YU and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sachini has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Tax Agent Licence CPA Sachini has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Sinhalese Sachini has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Member of Golden Key International Honour Society Interests RMIT University 221,195 followers Forbes 4,680,400 followers Grant Thornton Australia 11,239 followers Excelsior College 42,577 followers CPA Exam Candidate 12,906 members RMIT University 244,391 followers See all See all following
More Actions Serpil has a account Serpil Cetin Corporate Tax - Assistant Manager at KPMG UK KPMG UK ACCA United Kingdom 161 161 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Corporate Tax - Assistant Manager at KPMG UK Company Name KPMG UK Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos International Tax Accountant Company Name WSP | Parsons Brinckerhoff in the UK Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos International Group Accountant Company Name WSP | Parsons Brinckerhoff in the UK Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo International Assistant Accountant Company Name Parsons Brinckerhoff Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location United Kingdom Tax Assistant Company Name Parsons Brinckerhoff Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo See more positions Education ACCA Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Kingston University Degree Name Bachelor Of Arts With Honours Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Management Accounting See 8 endorsements for Management Accounting 8 Management Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Serpil’s colleagues at WSP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Richard Mears and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Statements See 4 endorsements for Financial Statements 4 Financial Statements Richard Mears and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CTA - Chartered Tax Adviser Student Group 3,794 members ACCA Alumni 56,076 followers Kingston University - Company 108,270 followers WSP in the UK 96,541 followers Kingston University - Company 104,219 followers ACCA 58,639 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Jessie Tax Accountant II, Certified Acceptance Agent Wake Forest University Guilford College Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area 35 35 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Wake Forest University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Prepare Forms 990, 990-T, 926, and 8865 for the University and it's two Foundations. Prepare Form 5471 for foreign subsidiairy. Prepare 22-28 state returns for the University. Determine tax liabilty for foreign nationals. Serve as a member of the Financial Services web site Core Committee and Steering Committee. Web site content editor for the Tax Department webpage. Tax research for students, staff and faculty. Staff Accountant Company Name Apple, Koceja & Associates Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Prepare federal and state income tax returns for individuals, sole proprietorships, partnerships, C corporations, S-Corporations, and trusts using Prosystems Fx and ProSeries. Conduct tax research and act as a resource to both clients and other staff members. Prepare bank reconciliations and financial statements for clients. Prepare semi-monthly payroll for clients. Revenue Agent, Small Business/Self-Employed Company Name Internal Revenue Service Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area Conduct field audits of individual; sole proprietorship; and corporate tax returns. Research tax law and apply the law as required. Advise taxpayers of methods and procedures to ensure future compliance. Act as a resource person to both taxpayers and coworkers for tax related issues. Conduct interviews with taxpayers, tax preparers, Certified Public Accountants, and corporate officers prior to the examination of books and records. Shipper/Receiver Company Name Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Inc Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Shipper- Palletize orders for shipment. Prepare computer-generated bills of lading. Responsible for shipping and receiving of product using forklift. Arrange for pickup of freight with carriers. Responsible for receiving of incoming product, returns, and supplies. Material Handler- Pulled and packed orders utilizing hand-held RF scanner. Responsible for stock replenishment using standup forklift. Conducted inventory both manually and by use of hand-held RF scanner. Education Guilford College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting 2005 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Received 2002 Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 4 endorsements for Accounting 4 Accounting Beth Forrest and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Endorsed by Anne Davenport, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Wake Forest University Click and drag to reorder skills Payroll See 2 endorsements for Payroll 2 Payroll Endorsed by Anne Davenport, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Guilford College 14,769 followers Guilford College 19,313 followers Visit www.facebook.com/irstaxpros or www.irs.gov/taxpros 3,406 followers Wake Forest University 52,603 followers University of North Carolina at Charlotte 106,912 followers UNC Charlotte Alumni 11,573 members See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a account Brett Willsher Director at B&SW Limited B&SW Limited Colchester Royal Grammar School Colchester, United Kingdom 293 293 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name B&SW Limited Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Director Company Name B&SW Limited Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Education Colchester Royal Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 13 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 13 Mergers & Acquisitions Matthew Davies and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Restructuring See 11 endorsements for Restructuring 11 Restructuring Matthew Davies and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 10 endorsements for Start-ups 10 Start-ups Patricia Wheatley Burt, (FCIPD) - Watson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Anne Warriner Civil Servant (retired) July 25, 2014, Anne managed Brett directly Brett is a first class accountant having initially honed his skills in HMRC where I was his officer in charge. He is very customer focused and is considered a safe pair of hands in the accounting world. His expertise has grown considerably over a number of years as borne out by his loyal clientele who come from a wide and varied spectrum of business backgrounds. As a valued employee, I was sorry to lose Brett to the public domain but he has gone from success to success. I can highly commend and recommend his vast knowledge and experience to the financial and accounting community. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests A Tax Accounting Question Group Hosted by John Whisman of CPA Executive Search Group 14,800+ 17,013 members Spreadex 801 followers Kevin RooseKevin Roose is a LinkedIn Influencer Columnist at The New York Times 73,488 followers Singapore Investment Network 2,067 followers Clark WolfClark Wolf is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Clark Wolf Company 316,971 followers B&SW Limited 5 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Simon, MBA, CPA Accounting professional seeking consulting/project opportunities Globetrotters International Saint Joseph's University Manitowoc, Wisconsin 116 116 connections InMail PROFILE Professional strengths include: • Budgeting & Forecasting • Staff Supervision/Mentoring • Financial Reporting & Analysis • General Ledger Maintenance • Long Term Business Plans • Internal controls/audits • Peoplesoft Systems Implementation • Project and Operations accounting Accounting/Finance professional with cross-functional competencies in project, construction, start-up, operations and corporate accounting. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills including client relations and public speaking. Definitive abilities in leadership, planning, organization, and problem solving. GOAL: Currently pursuing employment as consultant, budget/forecast manager, accounting manager/supervisor, operations controllership, assistant controller, financial analyst, participate as team member for PeopleSoft implementations/conversions, and project management positions. Willing to relocate! Will consider contract or permanent opportunities. Specialties: Licensed Certified Public Accountant - State of New Jersey since 2006 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Auditor Company Name Globetrotters International Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location O'Hare International Airport - Chicago Department of Aviation building Assisted Chicago Department of Aviation (CDA) in administration of the capital programs at Chicago's O'Hare International and Midway airports as follows: Performed audit services of select capital invoices to ascertain financial and contract compliance. Identified, documented, and forwarded audit exceptions to vendor and CDA Management. Generated audit reports from city's utilization database. Tracked and monitored construction contract payments and retainage holdings. Monitored and reported project spending against encumbered contract balance amounts Resolved financial compliance issues with City, State, and Federal regulations Interim General Accounting Manager Company Name Northwestern Memorial Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos • Primarily responsible for the planning and carrying out of the daily and monthly functions of the General Accounting Department for a multi-billion dollar hospital. Maintained and ensured accuracy of general ledger system, coordinated timely and consistent monthly financial statement closings, variance and account analyses, and oversaw consolidation of all business units. Immediately assumed role of coordinating and preparing audit work papers and financial statement lead schedules for external auditors. Assisted Budget Manager with identifying key variances. Supervised staff of seven. Area Controller Company Name Veolia Environmental Services Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo • Managed accounting responsibilities of North Jersey solid waste operations with annual revenues of $60 million including: monthly financial statement closings, monthly forecasting, A/R, A/P, purchasing, and fixed assets of $32 million. • Supervised staff of six. Led facility training efforts during conversion to PeopleSoft 9.0.• Maintained Sarbanes-Oxley compliance including work paper preparation for internal and external audits.• Prepared 2008 operating budget for five business areas; operating expenses in excess of $35 million. Corporate Business manager Company Name Covanta Energy Group, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos • Provided financial direction and guidance to 26 business managers to facilitate resolution of business and accounting issues, preparation of annual budgets, P&amp;L analyses • Led team to implement and upgrade the PeopleSoft 8.8 Projects module.• Served as Asset Manager for the biogas landfill business including budgeting and financial analyses.• Assisted in conducting Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 test audits of select operating facilities.• Developed and revised company-wide procurement and employee travel policies.• During bankruptcy period (2002 – 2004), developed and maintained 13 week rolling cash forecast model including data consolidation from 26 operating facilities. Finance Director - Special Waste Division Company Name Covanta Energy Group, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Jan 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos • Implemented financial controls to improve net income for $18 million business area including:- Reduced division overhead expenses by 14% within one year.- Reduced aged receivables by 25% in first year.- Developed travel expense policy resulting in 26% reduction in expenses.• Developed annual sales and expense budgets, income reports, and sales forecast models.• Supervised Finance Assistant, Customer Service Manager, and four customer service representatives See more positions Education Saint Joseph's University Degree Name MBA - Finance Field Of Study Accounting, Finance, Management, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1984 QPA of 3.95 Moravian College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Accounting, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 22 endorsements for Financial Reporting 22 Financial Reporting Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Globetrotters Engineering Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 18 endorsements for Budgets 18 Budgets Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Covanta Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 17 endorsements for Accounting 17 Accounting Endorsed by Donna Edwards, CAPP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of John’s colleagues at Covanta Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Karen L. Wilhelm, MBA Asset Management/Financial Planning and Analysis/Project Management/Energy Operations February 14, 2014, Karen L. worked with John in the same group As one can attest by reading Karen's resume of career accomplishments, to say she is determined is an understatement. I know first hand from my experience of working with her during an implementation and conversion of a financial system, she welcomes challenges and with her positive attitude makes a great addition to a project team. She also possesses strong,proven business, public relations, leadership and technical skills especially within many disciplines of the energy industry.Karen's great personality coupled with her work ethic makes for a great additon to any staff. Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA - State of New Jersey Interests Moravian College 12,217 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,550,427 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,803 followers Globetrotters Engineering Corporation 778 followers Saint Joseph's University 58,164 followers The Free CPE Network 123 members See all See all following
More Actions Deanna has a account Deanna Horschel, CPA In-charge Accountant - DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP SUNY Geneseo Rochester, New York 187 187 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience In-Charge Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Rochester, New York Area - Personal Tax Compliance- Personal Tax Planning- Personal Tax Return Review- Tax and Business Research - Wealth Management Planning & Consultation - Responsible for mentoring and training staff - Maintaining and strengthening client relationships - Proactive client education (webinars) Experienced Staff Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Rochester, New York Area - Personal Tax Compliance - Tax and business research - Develop presentation and communication skills - Becoming proficient in the use of ProSystems FX Tax, PFX Engagement, Intelliconnect- Understanding firms procedures surrounding documentation, client service standards, professional presence Staff Accountant Company Name DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Rochester, New York Area Coach Company Name Skating Club of the Finger Lakes Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Geneseo, NY Teaching young children basics of figure skating. And maintaining professional relationships and providing customer service to parents and other coaches. Education SUNY Geneseo Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Jamestown Community College Degree Name Associate of Science (A.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Director Company Name Skating Club of the Finger Lakes Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 9 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 7 endorsements for Tax Preparation 7 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 2 of Deanna’s colleagues at DeJoy, Knauf & Blood, LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Deanna has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Klainer Center for Women & Business 36 members State University of New York 19,675 members SUNY Geneseo 32,685 followers Jamestown Community College 7,707 followers State University of New York Empire State College 35,927 followers Jamestown Community College Alumni 267 members See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Saavedra Tax Senior Accountant Deloitte State University of New York at Albany Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Tax Senior Accountant serving Financial Services clients. In the process of acquiring my CPA License. Specialties: Federal and State Tax Return Preparation for Investment Funds (e.g. Investment Partnerships, Fund of Funds, Trading Funds, etc.) focusing on 1065 returns (some Corporate 1120s as well). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Business Tax Services - Financial Services Industry - Hedge Funds / Investment Management Group Graduate/Teaching Assistant Company Name University at Albany Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Teaching Assitant for Intro Accounting 211 and Managerial Accounting 222 Courses. Tax Intern Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos (Financial Services Industry - Hedge Funds Group)Assisted my teams in preparing workpapers to make tax estimates and prepare tax returns, gained knowledge about federal tax planning and compliance within my clients’ industry, and completed Schedule K-1’s for several partnership clients using the K-1 Suite software. USES Accounting/Finance Intern Company Name GE Dates Employed Jul 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos (GE Corporate)Prepared weekly and monthly account reconciliations for quarterly financial reporting, updated process documentation in all areas of finance for GE Global Business Services, and assisted the Executive Compensation team in audit requests and special projects. Finance Intern Company Name US Department of Transportation (DOT) Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 8 mos (Federal Highway Administration)Assisted the agency with obligating $1.2 Billion for Highway Infrastructure in New York, administered the Federal-Aid Highway Program providing federal funds to improve roads, and ensured federal requirements for projects were met to determine eligibility and standards. See more positions Education State University of New York at Albany Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Graduate/Teaching Assistant for Intro Accounting 211 and Managerial Accounting 222 courses, Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting - UAlbany Chapter Liaison University at Albany, SUNY Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Joga Bonito FC Soccer Triple Minor in Business Administration, Economics, and Spanish Bayside High School Degree Name Advanced Regents Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Big Brother Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters Dates volunteered Sep 2008 – May 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Children Instructor Company Name Junior Achievement of New York Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Nov 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 40 endorsements for Tax 40 Tax Endorsed by Aaron Taub, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Wendy Pinto and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 22 endorsements for Microsoft Office 22 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Alexandra Saavedra, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) John Levato Assistant Dean at The University at Albany June 26, 2012, John was Alex’s mentor Alex's is a dedicated srtudent who rises to meet each challenge. He is steadfast in his commitment to learning and has a wonderful personality that creates a warm and comfortable environment. He is always kind, professional and attentive. He is a good person and a favorite.. He will do a good job as a tax accountant. Jason Cotugno Director of Student Engagement, University at Albany School of Business November 16, 2011, Alex worked with Jason in the same group While a student at UAlbany, Alex proved to be a great asset to the School of Business. In addition to working hard in the classroom, Alex stayed involved in extracurricular activities off campus serving his fellow students. Overall, these experiences have cemented Alex's position as a truly professional, motivated, and well rounded leader. I have no doubt that Alex will be successful in all of his future endeavors! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alex has 35 courses 35 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and Communications Auditing Behavioral Foundations of Management Business Law Business and Legal Spanish Computer Applications in Business Contemporary Development in Accounting Thought Corporate Financial Policy and Strategy Corporate Taxation Cost Accounting Systems For Managerial Decisions Alex has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Deloitte Tax Efficacy Seminar Future Leaders Apprentice Program Alex has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Alex has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GMAT SAT Alex has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting (ALPFA) Interests Google 4,938,116 followers University at Albany, SUNY 3,844 members University at Albany, SUNY 109,895 followers ALPFA.org | Latino Professionals For America [Latinos Latina Hispanic Latin American Leadership] 27,608 members Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Deloitte NextGen Leaders Program 84 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Telford Xero Superhero Telford Associates Limited University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Sellindge, Kent, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Mark is a Qualified Chartered Accountant and experienced Finance Director. With 16 years experience in industry and commerce, 12 years in senior board level accounting and finance positions of large organisations. Mark is now using the skills and experience gained as an Accountant and Finance Director to add value to SME's through a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. Telford Associates want to help you pay less tax and keep more of the profit your business earns. Telford Associates are Chartered Accountants based in Kent who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, payroll, finance and business consultancy services to clients in Kent and London. We specifically work in the small and medium sized business sector where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates recognise that many SME’s need support from dedicated business advisors there to help them develop and grow their business, but also to provide assistance when times are hard. Telford Associates are the ‘trusted advisor’ to their clients and in many cases have become an integral part of the company management team. Specialties: Chartered Accountant, Accountancy, Accountant, Taxation, Tax Planning, Business Consultancy, Financial Management, Qualified Accountant, Finance Director, Part-Time Finance Director, Property, Construction, Civil Engineering, Utilities, Infrastructure, IT Infrastructure, Property Management, Business Turnaround, SME Finance Director, Funding, Cash Management, Cash Flow, Improve Cash Flow, Business Advice, Business Strategy, Business Plans, Budgeting and Forecasting, Save Tax, Tax Efficiencies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Sellindge, Kent Telford Associates are Chartered Accountants who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. As Accountants we specifically work in the micro and small business sectors where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are Accountants who able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates recognise that many small businesses need support from dedicated Accountants and Business Advisers there to help them develop and grow their business, but also to provide assistance when times are hard. Telford Associates are the ‘trusted advisor’ to their clients and in many cases have become an integral part of the company management team. Chartered Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Sellindge, Kent Chartered Accountant Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Accountant Accountant Company Name Telford Associates Limited Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Telford Associates are a firm of Chartered Accountants based in Kent who provide a comprehensive range of accounting, taxation, finance and business consultancy services. We are accountants who specifically work in the micro and small business sectors where our range of services, business expertise, flexible approach and competitive prices mean that we are able to provide a service and deliver the results that are needed to help businesses achieve their goals. Telford Associates was founded by Mark Telford, a Qualified Chartered Accountant and experienced Finance Director with more than 16 years experience in industry and commerce, 12 years in senior board level accounting and finance positions of large organisations. Mark recognised the need to provide small and medium sized businesses with a personalised level of accountancy and taxation services with high technical knowledge backed up by real life business experience gained within a commercial setting. Group Finance Director Company Name Holleran Group Limited Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Negotiated improved banking facilities for overdraft, loan and bond facilities.Arranged the finance for the purchase of new company Head Office and refinancing of an existing regional office.Introduced a structured budget process and timetable which resulted in the prompt issue of budgets at the year end for all group companies.Introduced Group Procedural Manual, documenting policy to be followed, covering all key areas of the business.Introduced an internal audit programme to evaluate the procedural manual and test its operation.Introduced a group purchasing policy to improve efficiency and reduce cost. See more positions Education University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Degree Name BA Hons Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Drank and played sport, ended up with a Desmond. Tarporley County High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cash Flow See 74 endorsements for Cash Flow 74 Cash Flow Endorsed by Jamie O'Connell and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Planning See 53 endorsements for Business Planning 53 Business Planning Endorsed by Peter Rufus and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 53 endorsements for Tax 53 Tax Endorsed by Sohal Patel BA(Hons) FCCA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (26) Given (14) Annabelle Webster Director - South East Timber & Damp Limited April 13, 2013, Annabelle was a client of Mark’s I found Mark on Linkedin and he really is a superb accountant, personable, helpful, patient! and has really given us some great solid advice on how to ensure we are aware of all tax benefits. He is quick to answer questions and explain and moved us onto the AMAZING Xero which now makes my book keeping a PLEASURE rather than a chore ! I cannot recommend Mark highly enough ! David Haylor Managing Director - IAC April 11, 2013, David was a client of Mark’s I was looking for an accountant who would not only take on the key accountancy tasks my business required, but also act as an advisor. Mark has surpassed all expectations by not only fulfilling all of the work we need doing to a very high standard, but more importantly by being proactive with ideas and suggestions and by being responsive and informative when advice is asked for. I have already recommended Mark's services to a number of other businesses and will continue to do so. View 24 more recommendations View 24 more recommendations recommendations Robert Vickers Group CEO Clugston Group February 21, 2013, Robert worked with Mark in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Bob for a mutual client on a very complex and difficult construction project. Bob succeeded in ensuring that the project was delivered on time and with an increased project profitability which appeared unobtainable at the time he was initially engaged.Bob's belief in doing things the right way and supporting his team earned him the respect of those he worked with and external third parties.I would have no hesitation in recommending Bob where a senior manager or executive is needed to steer a project from any stage through to a successful conclusion. Annabelle Webster Director - South East Timber & Damp Limited October 6, 2012, Mark worked with Annabelle in different groups Annabelle manages to get the balance right being very friendly and encouraging and professional and business like at the same time. This positive approach is enabling her business to become well established and grow at a steady rate, even in these difficult economic times. The long list of client recommendations clearly demonstrates what an excellent service her company provides. View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Mark has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Xero Certified Advisor FCA Mark has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Mark has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICAEW Interests DNSIGN 2 followers I Love Sharpies! The Group For Office Supply Junkies... 3,360 members Business Link Networking Groups UK 12,781 members Funding Circle Discussion Group 1,332 members Alumni of Newcastle University 16,209 members 1-Fix Limited 44 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lan has a account Lan Mai Senior Payroll and Tax Accountant at SABMiller Viet Nam SABMiller Viet Nam University of Economics, Vietnam Vietnam 17 17 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Strong knowledge of accounting and the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Finance, Vietnamese and International Accounting Standards (VAS, IAS);  Strong knowledge of HRM, Vietnamese labor laws, social insurance, compensation & benefits;  In-depth knowledge Vietnamese taxation and the relevant regulations of Vietnamese laws;  Intelligent and Fast learning;  Ability to complete all assigned tasks on time;  Working under high pressure and high deadline;  Proficient in using office software and accounting software;  Good communication/ problem solving/ planning and organizing;  Leadership, teamwork, training and developing staff. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lan’s Activity 17 followers Dear All, Hiện nay Unilever đang opening cho các vị trí sau: 1. Payroll Specialist – HCM 2. Sales Supervisor – Miền Bắc/Miền Trung/Miền Đông và Đồng Bằng Sông Cửu Long 3. Customer Assistant Manager – HCM Nếu Anh/Chị và các bạn quan tâm thì gửi profiles về vu-t-ngoc.nhung@unilever.com hoặc liên hệ Nhung để biết thêm chi tiết nhé. Thank you all. Lan commented See all activity Experience Senior Payroll and Tax Accountant Company Name SABMiller Viet Nam Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Ho Chi Minh, Viet Nam  C&B and Payroll related matters are properly managed and improved• Setup and maintain employees’ database, personal files• Handling personnel actions such as new employment, termination, transfer, promotion• Review and ensure sufficiency and appropriateness and full compliance of personal/dependent allowance supporting documents of all staffs• Calculate salary monthly/bonus yearly and fully responsible for proper dealing with SHUI• Oversee compliance with statutory reporting and filing requirements• Prepare relevant monthly, quarterly and year-end reports• Prepare Social Insurance allowances claim (sickness, maternity leave, retirement, etc.)• Following up & updating benefits and allowances for employees in compliance with the laws and the company’s policies• Folowing up all kinds of expenses relating to HR expenses • Following up, updating and developing the payroll procedure and related policies• Fully responsible for proper maintenance of PIT reports including monthly PIT declaration, PIT payment request, PIT finalization for VN staffs and EXPAT  Accounting and Tax related (CIT, VAT, SCT, NRT, PIT, FCWT) management: • Timely review all tax declarations, returns to ensure they are properly/accurately prepared and submitted to tax authorities in line with the dates required• Assure accounting activities and transactions recorded and reported in compliance with the tax law and accounting law• Ensure compliance with all statutory requirements in Vietnam with respect to business set-up, taxation and corporate governance• VAT refunds are fully claimed on a timely manner• Regularly review & reconcile of all in-charge account balances.• Keep up to date with all changes in tax law & regulation throughout the year and properly deal with those• Own the Tax risk register Providing documents and explanation to external auditors, tax officers, customs officers; and annual audit  Other tasks assigned by Finance Director and HR Director General Accountant Company Name Design International Company Limited Dates Employed Sep 2005 – May 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Ho Chi Minh, Viet Nam  Jan 2010 - May 2012: working as a General Accountant and Assistant of Chief Accountant• Verify accounting transactions, ensure proper documents are enclosed in compliance with regulation and company policies• Monitor, reconcile monthly AP/AR account• Review and prepare tax declaration: VAT, FCWT, CIT• Prepare FS monthly and annual accounts in line with local accounting policies• Provide trial balance, balance sheet and income statement, synthetizing and giving annual finalization report, fixed assets, cash flow and some especial reports to father company…• Maintain a good filing system to ensure all the accounting documents are well kept• Prepare and finish the General Journal, sub-ledger and general ledger• Ensure the closing of the books of accounts within the prescribed deadline• Assists the Chief Accountant in closing process, checking and supervising the works conducted by the subordinates; explaining and providing documents, data to the Tax, Audit and Inspection Authorities• Analysis and interpretation of monthly PL/BS, prepare month-end account reconciliations, expenses tracking and reporting to Region• Other tasks assigned by Chief Accountant and BOD. Jan 2008 – Dec 2009: working as Tax Accountant• Responsible for review all of input invoice and output invoice• Prepared tax and government reports: VAT, NRT, CIT• Tax advice: summarize content of circular & decree and keep colleagues updated• Follow up account receivable, make arrangement schedule to prepare VAT refund. Sep 2005 to Dec 2007: working as Cashier and AP Accountant• Completes payments by scheduling and verifying transactions; obtaining authorization of payments. I had taken duty of all daily transactions of account payable, cash and bank• Daily/ weekly reports of treasury sections• Prepare documents, arrange and follow up bank account balance for local and over sea transfer• Calculated monthly employee’s salary and prepare cash to distribute employee’s wage Education University of Economics, Vietnam Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade Good A&C Auditing and Consulting Co., Ltd (Vietnam) Degree Name Certificate in Chief-Accountant Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Hainkel Executive Vice President & Chief Tax Officer at Lions Gate Entertainment Lions Gate Entertainment University of Houston Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Executive Vice President & Chief Tax Officer Company Name Lions Gate Entertainment Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Managing Director Company Name JMH Consulting Dates Employed May 2002 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Camarillo, CA Senior Manager, EY National Office West Company Name Ernst & Young LLP Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Senior Manager - Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed 1997 – 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs Manager of Taxation Company Name Moorman Manufacturing Corporation Dates Employed Jan 1994 – Jul 1996 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Quincy, Illinois See more positions Education University of Houston Degree Name MSA Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1979 University of Houston Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1978 Activities and Societies: Sigma Nu Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 86 endorsements for Accounting 86 Accounting Endorsed by Irwin J. Jacobson, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 57 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 57 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Shane Mincer 🌎 🇺🇸 🌞 and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 48 endorsements for Financial Reporting 48 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Irwin J. Jacobson, CPA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Lionsgate Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Tori Posa Senior Summit Producer at marcus evans Group November 19, 2015, Michael worked with Tori but at different companies I just returned from the marcus evans Tax Officers Summit. Tori Posa produced the summit and did a phenomenal job. I spoke at the conference and must say that it could not have been more professionally organized and executed. She made preparing for and attending the conference painless. Her teammates were organized and extremely helpful. It was the best execution of the four conferences that I have attended. Ms. Posa is extremely organized, very personable, poised beyond her years and demonstrates excellent customer relations skills. The performance of her team, both before and during the conference, speaks to her management skills. I hope that she is producing this conference for quite some time. Jai Kim Attorney at Kring & Chung, LLP July 6, 2010, Michael was a client of Jai’s Jai exhibited a tremendous work ethic, solid technical skills and the ability to work well with people from many different technical backgrounds to accomplish whatever I asked of him. While working for me he helped save the company approximately $500K on one project, alone. Accomplishments Interests Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,287,056 followers Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,186 followers Accounting, Audit & Taxation Professionals 2,696 members Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,807 followers University of Houston 234,091 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robert R. has a account Robert R. Sick CPA Owner at Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC - Family And Corporate Tax Solutions Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC Hofstra University Patchogue, New York 34 34 connections Send InMail Bob is a CPA and a Certified Financial Planner professional with over 30 years of experience in public accounting and financial services. His practice focuses on comprehensive wealth management solutions for individuals, many of whom are business owners, and their extended families. Client goals are supported through individual and business tax planning and return preparation, as well as business accounting and financial services. In addition to his professional practice, Bob has more than 20 years experience serving as Fire District Treasurer providing him with extensive experience in Fire District Management, municipal law, and internal control procedures. Recent events in his professional practice as well as his experience with internal control procedures have provided Bob with a unique perspective relating to office management and security issues. Bob has had the privilege of teaching accounting and business courses at both Dowling College and Suffolk Community Colleges and previously served as an instructor for a local educational chapter of a national financial services firm. Bob earned both a BBA and MBA from Hofstra University. He is a member of the National Conference of CPA Practitioners and the New York State Society of CPAs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Patchogue, NY We are dedicated to helping individuals and their families work toward their vision of complete financial well being with a focus on clearly defined long term goals, as well as preparing taxes for families, businesses and individuals. We strive to help our clients feel confident about their financial future by helping them to understand the choices that are available to them in planning their financial future and to understand the long-term consequences of their decisions.Our advice is offered in a spirit of mutual respect with an unwavering commitment to honesty and objectivity. We strive to provide retirement planning, small business consulting and tax prep services in an understandable and convenient manner. We know that attaining a sense of financial well being takes a commitment, by both client and advisor, to an ongoing process that must adjust to ever changing circumstances and needs.How might we help you? Media (2) This position has 2 media Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Main Website Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Main Website This media is a link Learning Center : Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Learning Center : Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC This media is a link Treasurer Company Name Sound Beach Fire District Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Treasurer Company Name Miller Place Fire District Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 1 mo Location Miller Place, NY Education Hofstra University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 Hofstra University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Robert N. Brown, CPA CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 2 endorsements for Finance 2 Finance Bob Torella MBA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 2 endorsements for CPA 2 CPA Robert N. Brown, CPA CGMA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert R. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Financial Planner Certified Public Accountant Robert R. has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations National Conference of CPA Practitioners (NCCPAP) New York State Society of CPAs (NYSSCPA) Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,961,251 followers Hofstra University 83,623 followers David CameronDavid Cameron is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 2,503,401 followers Hofstra University 81,510 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,816,272 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,458,126 followers
More Actions Sadaf has a account Sadaf Inayat Modern Digital Tax Accountant helping Medical Consultants save time,tax & money eTax ZONE Limited Association of Chartered Certified Accountants London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a modern digital tax accountant. I specialise in helping professionals save time, tax and money and spend that extra time and money enjoying a better quality of life. I do this through using the latest cloud based technology. I have been an accountant for 12 years, and a Chartered Certified Accountant for the past 8 years. During this time I have experienced and watched a massive shift in the accounting landscape, with new technologies and cloud based accounting disrupting the industry, and changing the way we do business. I have run my own paperless practice (a modern digital firm) and have been helping professionals to navigate this ever changing landscape and benefit from these new and exciting developments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Sadaf’s Activity "If you want to see the true measure of a man, watch how he treats his employees, not his equals." J.K. Rowling Sadaf liked Focus on the possibilities, not the problems. http://buff.ly/2teZRvG #inspiration #mindfulness #motivation #quote #anxiety #depression Sadaf liked 50 Inspirational Quotes To Motivate You Sadaf liked Sulaiman’s photo Sadaf liked See all activity Experience Director Company Name eTax ZONE Limited Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom We are eTax Zone your modern digital tax accountants. We help consultants, dentists, doctors, architects and IT contractors save time, tax & money so that they can enjoy a better quality of life.As a high performing professional you will be aware that a massive shift in the accounting landscape is coming through the government initiative Making Tax Digital. The Govt is due to implement its Making Tax Digital initiative between 2018 and 2020, which it hopes will create a “transparent and accessible tax system fit for the digital age”. It means THE end of the annual tax return. New technology and The Cloud will forever change the way that we do business.But this is a good thing!eTax Zone turns the adversity businesses face through MTD into an opportunity.All of our services and support use the latest cloud based technology and utilise the best XERO add-ons that supports the changes that HMRC are introducing. It will enable you to have seamless automation, as well as reducing time and money your business spends on administration.eTax Zone ‘s “All In One Modern Digital System” will provide:• Access your financial data in real time, anywhere, anytime. When and where it suits you.• Instant bank reconciliation• Easy expense recording• Customisable invoicing• Quick payments• Invoice tracking• 24/7 support• Powerful reportingRight now you are probably feeling frustrated that you don’t know enough about your business finances. You will be unsure of what making Tax Digital means for you and your business and feeling let down by your current accountant who isn’t doing enough to keep you informed and get your business ready for what lies ahead.eTax Zone will ensure a smooth transition. You will feel safe, informed and in control of your business finances.At eTax Zone it is our mission is to take care of your accounting so you are free to do what you do best.Website: www.etaxzone.co.uk Accountant Company Name Philip T Chave & Co Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos • Responsible for carrying out corporation, income and capital gain tax computations, preparation and submission of corporation, self-assessment tax for various clients.• Prepared statutory accounts and year-end for clients ranging from sole traders to limited companies.• Prepare analysis to support various disclosures for the statutory reporting process.• Excellent team player who cross-sold services to contribute to growing the practice in line with marketing plan.• Liaised with Accounts team, issued letters for corporation tax, computed corporation, income and capital gains tax, submitted VAT and other tax returns.• Utilised experience to resolve tax enquiries and investigations for clients, met with the HMRC tax inspectors.• Kept abreast of deadline dates for submissions to Companies House and Inland Revenue; co-operated with investigations to comply with statutory obligations.• Developed a rapport with the client base, provided solutions to tax matters both reactively and proactively.• Successfully kept updated on Tax department work flows plus internal priorities and policies.• Processed journals, pre-payments and accruals, and other aspects of both the financial and management accounts. Accounts Manager Company Name Apex Associates LLP Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom UK's leading business tax advisors, offering tax advice and financial accounting services.•Prepared accounts for a broad range of clients, from sole trader and partnership to SME firms, audit exempt companies and solicitors.•Initially an Assistant Accountant, promoted based on performance to manage a small team at the accounts practice.•Accomplished at bookkeeping, providing tax returns and bank reconciliations, and preparing accounts, corporation tax analysis and schedules.•Produced self-assessment returns, management accounts with variance analysis, maintained fixed asset register and set up cash flow projections.•Installed a system for improved data control, including accounts working paper files for cost effective way of completing an assignment. Education Association of Chartered Certified Accountants Degree Name ACCA Field Of Study Accounting and Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Oxford Brookes University Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Applied Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 5 Account Reconciliation Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VAT See 5 endorsements for VAT 5 VAT Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bank Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Bank Reconciliation 5 Bank Reconciliation Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amanda C. Watts Lead generation & client acquisition for accounting firms who want more profit & growth | Amazon Best Selling Author June 14, 2017, Sadaf was a client of Amanda C.’s “eTax ZONE has been working with Boost for a little over a month and in this time the progress has been phenomenal. We initially worked on the strategy of my accounting practice and really understanding our ideal clients to make marketing efforts more fruitful. Amanda and her team then helped produce the ebook, a video script and clarified our marketing message. Alongside working with Amanda and her team, an online marketing programme was provided so we clearly understood the different steps needed to attract prospects and turn them into clients. Boost are great communicators, supportive and cared for me and my accounting firm. I would not hesitate in recommending them to any business that would like a clear marketing strategy and support in executing it.” Accomplishments Sadaf has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Punjabi Urdu Interests IR35 Buddy Limited 100 followers Small Business & Independent Consultant Network 39,513 members TradeBrandsonline.com 37 followers Communitec 22 followers ID Medical 7,924 followers Contractor UK Limited 1,319 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Stirling Senior Business Manager at Hays Hays University of Southampton London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I specialise in Tax Recruitment within the M25 region. Working with exceptional customers within the in-house tax sector, my primary focus is to partner with candidates and clients, using the depth and breadth of my expertise and market knowledge to ensure we make the unique match that makes individuals, companies and industries flourish. Hays is the expert at recruiting qualified, professional and skilled people worldwide. We operate across the private and public sectors, dealing in permanent positions, contract roles and temporary assignments. Our deep expertise across a wide spectrum of specialised industries and professions makes us unparalleled recruiters in the world of work. Please feel free to contact me for a confidential conversation about how I can help to progress your career, or indeed recruit a first class member to join your team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Alex’s Activity 1,019 followers Tax Analyst - Innovative multinational FMCG - London - c.£55,000 + bonus I'm recruiting on behalf of an FMCG which is changing the way consumers think about its industry. With an array of R&D products which are helping to transform its industry, now is an exciting time to join this company. The role is as a Tax Analyst, with focus mainly on corporate tax. You will work within a challenging, yet supportive team which allows you to work on a variety of accounts and projects. If this role is of interest, email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked Tax Assistant Manager - Multinational company - NW London - c.£50,000 This is a newly created role as part of the growing Tax team within the Finance function of this market-leading multinational company. You will manage the preparation of corporation tax return filings. A key part of the role will also be to focus on the latest developments within Corporation Tax, such as analysing the impact of new legislation, and reviewing Transfer Pricing documentation to name a few. The firm is offering a strong work/life balance, on top of a salary up to £50,000 + extensive benefits package. Alex liked Tax Advisor - London - Utilities company - c.£50,000 + bonus A leading multinational utilities company are looking for a newly-qualified Tax Advisor to join their team. The main focus of the role will be on corporate tax, but you will also have the chance to work with different types of tax, including employment tax. If this role is of interest, or for more information, please email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked Tax Analyst - Market-leading FMCG - London - c.£55,000 + bonus I'm recruiting on behalf of an FMCG which is not only the market leader, but also the most innovative. With an array of R&D products changing the shape of its industry, now is an exciting time to join this company. The role is as a Tax Analyst, with focus mainly on corporate tax. You will work within a challenging, yet supportive team which allows you to work on a variety of accounts and projects. If this role is of interest, email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked See all activity Experience Senior Business Manager Company Name Hays Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Manager - In House Tax Company Name Goodman Masson Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Senior Consultant Company Name Ingenium Recruitment Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Manager Company Name Michael Page Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Education University of Southampton Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Perse School Featured Skills & Endorsements Recruitment Advertising See 16 endorsements for Recruitment Advertising 16 Recruitment Advertising Viviane V. and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrew Adams Head of Financial Services February 15, 2013, Alex worked with Andrew in different groups Andrew is an exceptional individual. In a work capacity he is diligent, knowledagble, credible and operates with the highest integrity. He is an exceptional team member but also a great leader of people. He is intuitive as well as commercial. More importantly, even in times of pressure he always maintains a cheery dispositon. Great guy, and one that I wouldn't fail to recommend. Accomplishments Interests University of Southampton 112,257 followers Lloyds Banking Group 164,352 followers Old Perseans 625 members Michael Page employees and alumni group 6,665 members Hays Taxation Forum – UK 1,871 members University of Southampton 117,869 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Saavedra Tax Senior Accountant Deloitte State University of New York at Albany Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Tax Senior Accountant serving Financial Services clients. In the process of acquiring my CPA License. Specialties: Federal and State Tax Return Preparation for Investment Funds (e.g. Investment Partnerships, Fund of Funds, Trading Funds, etc.) focusing on 1065 returns (some Corporate 1120s as well). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Senior Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Business Tax Services - Financial Services Industry - Hedge Funds / Investment Management Group Graduate/Teaching Assistant Company Name University at Albany Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Teaching Assitant for Intro Accounting 211 and Managerial Accounting 222 Courses. Tax Intern Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos (Financial Services Industry - Hedge Funds Group)Assisted my teams in preparing workpapers to make tax estimates and prepare tax returns, gained knowledge about federal tax planning and compliance within my clients’ industry, and completed Schedule K-1’s for several partnership clients using the K-1 Suite software. USES Accounting/Finance Intern Company Name GE Dates Employed Jul 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos (GE Corporate)Prepared weekly and monthly account reconciliations for quarterly financial reporting, updated process documentation in all areas of finance for GE Global Business Services, and assisted the Executive Compensation team in audit requests and special projects. Finance Intern Company Name US Department of Transportation (DOT) Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 8 mos (Federal Highway Administration)Assisted the agency with obligating $1.2 Billion for Highway Infrastructure in New York, administered the Federal-Aid Highway Program providing federal funds to improve roads, and ensured federal requirements for projects were met to determine eligibility and standards. See more positions Education State University of New York at Albany Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Graduate/Teaching Assistant for Intro Accounting 211 and Managerial Accounting 222 courses, Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting - UAlbany Chapter Liaison University at Albany, SUNY Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Joga Bonito FC Soccer Triple Minor in Business Administration, Economics, and Spanish Bayside High School Degree Name Advanced Regents Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Big Brother Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters Dates volunteered Sep 2008 – May 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Children Instructor Company Name Junior Achievement of New York Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Nov 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 40 endorsements for Tax 40 Tax Endorsed by Aaron Taub, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Wendy Pinto and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 22 endorsements for Microsoft Office 22 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Alexandra Saavedra, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) John Levato Assistant Dean at The University at Albany June 26, 2012, John was Alex’s mentor Alex's is a dedicated srtudent who rises to meet each challenge. He is steadfast in his commitment to learning and has a wonderful personality that creates a warm and comfortable environment. He is always kind, professional and attentive. He is a good person and a favorite.. He will do a good job as a tax accountant. Jason Cotugno Director of Student Engagement, University at Albany School of Business November 16, 2011, Alex worked with Jason in the same group While a student at UAlbany, Alex proved to be a great asset to the School of Business. In addition to working hard in the classroom, Alex stayed involved in extracurricular activities off campus serving his fellow students. Overall, these experiences have cemented Alex's position as a truly professional, motivated, and well rounded leader. I have no doubt that Alex will be successful in all of his future endeavors! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alex has 35 courses 35 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and Communications Auditing Behavioral Foundations of Management Business Law Business and Legal Spanish Computer Applications in Business Contemporary Development in Accounting Thought Corporate Financial Policy and Strategy Corporate Taxation Cost Accounting Systems For Managerial Decisions Alex has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Deloitte Tax Efficacy Seminar Future Leaders Apprentice Program Alex has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Alex has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GMAT SAT Alex has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting (ALPFA) Interests Accounting, Audit & Taxation Professionals 2,696 members ALPFA.org | Latino Professionals For America [Latinos Latina Hispanic Latin American Leadership] 27,608 members University at Albany, SUNY 109,895 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Forum & Global Network 19,847 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members ALPFA, Inc - Association of Latino Professionals For America 8,290 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sarah has a account Sarah Bolen Tax Accountant at Alliant Energy Alliant Energy University of Phoenix Sun Prairie, Wisconsin 49 49 connections Send InMail Active workings with IRC Section 169 Applications, non-regulated entities tax accounting, some utility tax work. Sales and Use Tax issues related to IA, MN and WI and with wind farm and waste treatment facilities accross the country. IRS Compliance Assurance Process (CAP) audit program with compilation of consolidated tax returns. Knowledge of tax sharing agreements and apportionment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Alliant Energy Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area Prepare and consolidate group returns and support federal audit function, annually. Compute return true-up accounting as part of the return process.Sales and Use Tax focusing in the utility and construction industry for IA, MN and WI. Learned sales and use tax for construction industry for many states across US. Support all sales and use tax audits as begun.Tax accounting for non-regulated entities, with experience for specific utility activities including Section 169 Pollution Control Applications. Accounts Receivable Company Name G-I Office Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Process orders for purchase and as part of warranty contracts. Apply payments to customer accounts and prepare the daily deposit. Maintain computation of excessive use warranty costs for future price increases. Education University of Phoenix Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Marquette University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Endorsed by 3 of Sarah’s colleagues at Alliant Energy Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting Financial Reporting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Alliant Energy 12,399 followers WICPA Discussion Group 3,324 members Marquette University 87,381 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,530,785 followers TED Conferences 5,516,629 followers Marquette University 85,316 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Stirling Senior Business Manager at Hays Hays University of Southampton London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I specialise in Tax Recruitment within the M25 region. Working with exceptional customers within the in-house tax sector, my primary focus is to partner with candidates and clients, using the depth and breadth of my expertise and market knowledge to ensure we make the unique match that makes individuals, companies and industries flourish. Hays is the expert at recruiting qualified, professional and skilled people worldwide. We operate across the private and public sectors, dealing in permanent positions, contract roles and temporary assignments. Our deep expertise across a wide spectrum of specialised industries and professions makes us unparalleled recruiters in the world of work. Please feel free to contact me for a confidential conversation about how I can help to progress your career, or indeed recruit a first class member to join your team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Alex’s Activity 1,019 followers Tax Analyst - Innovative multinational FMCG - London - c.£55,000 + bonus I'm recruiting on behalf of an FMCG which is changing the way consumers think about its industry. With an array of R&D products which are helping to transform its industry, now is an exciting time to join this company. The role is as a Tax Analyst, with focus mainly on corporate tax. You will work within a challenging, yet supportive team which allows you to work on a variety of accounts and projects. If this role is of interest, email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked Tax Assistant Manager - Multinational company - NW London - c.£50,000 This is a newly created role as part of the growing Tax team within the Finance function of this market-leading multinational company. You will manage the preparation of corporation tax return filings. A key part of the role will also be to focus on the latest developments within Corporation Tax, such as analysing the impact of new legislation, and reviewing Transfer Pricing documentation to name a few. The firm is offering a strong work/life balance, on top of a salary up to £50,000 + extensive benefits package. Alex liked Tax Advisor - London - Utilities company - c.£50,000 + bonus A leading multinational utilities company are looking for a newly-qualified Tax Advisor to join their team. The main focus of the role will be on corporate tax, but you will also have the chance to work with different types of tax, including employment tax. If this role is of interest, or for more information, please email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked Tax Analyst - Market-leading FMCG - London - c.£55,000 + bonus I'm recruiting on behalf of an FMCG which is not only the market leader, but also the most innovative. With an array of R&D products changing the shape of its industry, now is an exciting time to join this company. The role is as a Tax Analyst, with focus mainly on corporate tax. You will work within a challenging, yet supportive team which allows you to work on a variety of accounts and projects. If this role is of interest, email Ben.Crewe@hays.com, or call 02034650138 Alex liked See all activity Experience Senior Business Manager Company Name Hays Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Manager - In House Tax Company Name Goodman Masson Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Senior Consultant Company Name Ingenium Recruitment Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Manager Company Name Michael Page Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Education University of Southampton Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Perse School Featured Skills & Endorsements Recruitment Advertising See 16 endorsements for Recruitment Advertising 16 Recruitment Advertising Viviane V. and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrew Adams Head of Financial Services February 15, 2013, Alex worked with Andrew in different groups Andrew is an exceptional individual. In a work capacity he is diligent, knowledagble, credible and operates with the highest integrity. He is an exceptional team member but also a great leader of people. He is intuitive as well as commercial. More importantly, even in times of pressure he always maintains a cheery dispositon. Great guy, and one that I wouldn't fail to recommend. Accomplishments Interests Hays 1,721,182 followers Hays Taxation Forum – UK 1,871 members Old Perseans 625 members University of Southampton 112,257 followers Lloyds Banking Group 164,352 followers Michael Page employees and alumni group 6,665 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Schneider CPA (CA) D Michael Schneider CPA, MBA Southwest District Health California State University-Sacramento Boise, Idaho Area 82 82 connections Send InMail Selected achievements: • Led the development of a long-range business plan for an $11mm non-profit entity that was ultimately approved by the Board of Directors and then leveraged to secure a $425,000 grant. This grant enabled the program to make significant technological upgrades and improve performance. • Successfully managed the hiring of 10 strategic positions for a 30-person organization during a time of organizational change, recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and onboarding the new hires and overseeing their seamless integration into existing teams and programs. Mike Schneider is a finance, accounting, and administrative leader with professional expertise in full cycle accounting, financial analysis and reporting, business analysis, strategic management, managing organizational change, and human resources. In the past, he has led the finance, accounting, and administrative functions for organizations in the medical, transportation, financial services, and public accounting fields. He has Big 4 CPA experience (KPMG) and earned his MBA from California State University Sacramento. Mr. Schneider specializes in: • Full Cycle Accounting Management and Budgeting • Internal Controls, Compliance, Policy & Procedures • Financial Performance and the Bottom Line • Leading People and Organizational Change • Business Analysis and Performance Reporting • Strategy, Planning, and Forecasting • Administration, Technology, and Human Resources • Management, Operations & Quality Mr. Schneider can be reached at dmichaelschneidercpa@gmail.com or (208) 608-6343. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Head of Finance and Accounting, Head of Human Resources, Head of Facilities Company Name Southwest District Health Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Six Counties in Idaho Head of Finance and Accounting: Complex County Budget, Complex State Budget, oversee the accounting department, provide financials for the Board, present financials, keep an eye on the monies and move monies when needed, multiple various monthly Excel spreadsheets, resolve odds and ends that end up on my desk that staff members are not able to resolve.Full scope of HR responsibilities, such as: posted jobs, recruited workers, provided lists of candidates for interviewing, conflict resolution, I-Perform - used for annual performance reviewing. Responsible for all policies and procedures of the organization. 110 employees. Other. Buildings: It is Integral to make sure that all buildings are in good working order for clients and staff.I decided to leave this organization, on my own will. I will be pursuing venues more consistent within my previous work background. Proprietor Company Name D Michael Schneider CPA Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area .Provide accounting and finance services to companies including business start-ups and small to medium companies. Accounting systems establishment, redesign, support, and maintenance. Provide metrics, KPI's, trending, analysis, cash projections. Full cycle accounting including payroll. Review client financials and make adjustments and corrections. Financial reporting to Boards/Stakeholders. Internal controls review and implementation. Provide fractional Controller and CFO services for start-up or to mid-sized business that may not yet need full time personnel. Tax returns. Planning with stakeholders. Controller and Finance Manager Company Name Merchants Moving & Storage, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area Accounting, Finance, & Human Resources. Accounting Manager, CFO, and Chief Administrator Company Name OB/GYN Center for Women's Health Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area Accounting, Finance, & Human Resources. Clinic Administrator with the Responsibilities of Controller, Finance, and Clinic Administration Company Name Family Medicine Residency of Idaho Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Boise, Idaho Area See more positions Education California State University-Sacramento Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General University of Nebraska-Lincoln Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 2 endorsements for Analysis 2 Analysis Anne Pasley-Stuart, SPHR and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Consulting See 2 endorsements for Consulting 2 Consulting Anne Pasley-Stuart, SPHR and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Controls See 2 endorsements for Internal Controls 2 Internal Controls Anne Pasley-Stuart, SPHR and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mark Arstein - CFRE, CAP Development - Higher Education March 12, 2014, Mark worked with Mike in the same group Mark Arstein is a very solid individual. He is an excellent speaker and he has a very nice delivery. It easy to understand and process what he is trying to convey to people.He prepares exceptionally well and puts a lot a time and care in his responsibilities.Mark seamlessly works well with all kinds and types of people.Mark selflessly volunteers his time where needs in the community need to be taken care of. He has a wonderful family. He is a man of excellent character. Accomplishments Mike has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (State of California) Certified Public Accountant (State of Idaho) Mike has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Leadership and Service Award Mike has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization California CPA Interests University of California, Los Angeles 512,881 followers Atlas Van Lines 3,450 followers University of Nebraska-Lincoln 125,642 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,078 followers University of Nebraska-Lincoln 130,174 followers California State University-Sacramento 128,192 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Jones, CPA Owner/CPA at Jones&Company Jones&Company Miami University Toledo, Ohio Area 170 170 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner/CPA Company Name Jones&Company Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Toledo, Ohio Area We provide full-service Tax and Accounting services to an array of small-to-medium size businesses and individuals.WEBSITE: jonesandcompany.webs.com CPA Company Name NLS Public Accounting Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Individual/Corporate Tax, IRS audit representation, business entity advising, outsourced accounting department services, CFO consulting, and other CPA advising. Tax Associate Company Name Grant Thornton LLP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Provided tax solutions for mid to large size companies. Finance Director Company Name Miami University Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Managed A/P, A/R, and the business development/sales of 6 advertisement sales representatives for The Miami Student Newspaper. Education Miami University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Dennis Assenmacher Jr. and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Eldica Badmus and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 11 endorsements for CPA 11 CPA Matt Doerfler and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Miami University 154,753 followers Miami University 159,080 followers Next Level Solutions Public Accounting 6 followers
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Murdock Independent Research Professional R Block University of Nevada, Reno Reno, Nevada Area 38 38 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax advisor Company Name R Block Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Prepare client tax returns. Review client disputes with IRS. Provide financial advise. economist Company Name inpendent Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs Location Carson City, NV Evaluate Labor Market Information, Occupational Information and Employment Projections. Consultant Company Name JBS International, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Carson City, NVC Review job characteristics and labor market demand of health care occupations. Senior consultant Company Name DAH Consulting, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Review documentation and reports on project. Provide insitiutional knowledge concerning industry/occupational projections. Research national needs for the Industry/Occupational projections program. Chief Economist Company Name State of NV/ DETR Dates Employed Aug 1998 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 8 yrs Represent NV on numerous state and national committees. Member of various NV State committees such as the Technical Advisory Committee for theNevada Economic Forum. Provided employment outlook and economic review for establishmentof NV budget. Manage research projects and research funds. Manage research shop of 30 employees. Develop and review division and department budgets. Allocate employee's time given budgetconstrants. See more positions Education University of Nevada, Reno Degree Name MS Field Of Study Resource Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1976 Graduate Research Assistant University of Nevada, Reno Degree Name BS Field Of Study Resource Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1976 H&R Block Field Of Study tax preparation Related Courses: Numerous - from basic tax computation to advanced issues. Activities: Prepair, review and council customers on Federal and States tax issues. Review IRSconflicts and advise clients. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 6 endorsements for Economics 6 Economics Donna Schumacher and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Government See 4 endorsements for Government 4 Government Annette Miller and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 3 endorsements for Analysis 3 Analysis Heather Gomer and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Nevada, Reno 62,447 followers University of Nevada, Reno 65,378 followers
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Carpenter, CPA (The Craft Beer CPA) CGMA Senior Audit Manager at LevitZacks Certified Public Accountants LevitZacks CPAs University of San Diego Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail If you or anyone in your network of contacts are unhappy with their current CPA or are seeking technical accounting assistance, please contact me immediately. We will even look at your prior year tax return for any errors or missed opportunities FOR FREE. My firm LEVITZACKS has been providing outstanding audit, review, compilation, domestic and international tax, management information, and management advisory services since 1964. We have extensive experience in a variety of industries including beverage production and distribution, defense contracting, retailing, automobile dealerships, construction and development, manufacturing, engineering services, biotech, internet services, franchising, distribution, profit sharing and 401(k) plans just to name a few. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Bryan’s Articles & Activity 1,739 followers Hammocraft's first promo video! www.hammocraft.com Bryan Carpenter, CPA (The Craft Beer CPA) CGMA on LinkedIn See all articles "The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true." James Branch Cabell, writer Bryan shared this "One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." Andre Gide, writer Bryan shared this "As is our confidence, so is our capacity." William Hazlitt, writer and philosopher Bryan shared this See all activity Experience Senior Audit Manager Company Name LevitZacks CPAs Dates Employed 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Audit manager overseeing financial statement audits, reviews and compilations. Industries include Craft Breweries, Real Estate, Defense Contracting, Manufacturing, Biotech, Service-based Organizations and 401(k) Retirement Plans. Treasurer Company Name SAN DIEGO BREWERS GUILD Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Ensure the fiscal accountability of the San Diego Brewers Guild. Coordinate the maintenance of the executive treasury expense records with the Executive Director Oversee that line items are charged to the appropriate accounts. Prepare analysis and track trends in financial reports. Prepare the annual budget. Provide Executive Director with the prospective events budget and with the Executive Director ensure that events stay within budget. Attend & support applicable guild-produced events. Assist in the efforts of the guild with ideas, connections, & resources President of the San Diego Chapter Company Name California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Leadership role within the CalCPA and San Diego CPA community. Responsible for leading and growing the San Diego CalCPA chapter, focus new membership and member retention, vote on important issues, actively participate in the San Diego chapter and on the state level. Overlord of Finance & Fun (Co-Owner) Company Name Hammocraft™ LLC Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jackson, Wyoming Overlord of Finance & Fun and Co-Owner of Hammocraft™ LLC. An outdoor recreational company specializing in creating frames which hold up to five hammocks and attach to stand up paddle boards, rafts, and on the ground as well! Follow us on IG: Hammocraft, find us on Facebook, or check out our website www.hammocraft.com Media (1) This position has 1 media Hammocraft+Craft Beer+Sunset=True Bliss Hammocraft+Craft Beer+Sunset=True Bliss This media is an image Vice President of the San Diego Chapter Company Name California Society of CPAs Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater San Diego Area Leadership role within the CalCPA and San Diego CPA community. Attend CalCPA board meetings, assist the president with the leadership duties, focus new membership and member retention, vote on important issues, actively participate in the San Diego chapter and on the state level. Media (1) This position has 1 media 2016-2017 Chapter Leadership Team 2016-2017 Chapter Leadership Team This media is an image See more positions Education University of San Diego Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Accounting Society Double major in Accounting and Business Administration with emphasis in Finance, Real Estate, and Information Technology San Diego State University-California State University Degree Name Professional Certificate in the Business of Craft Beer Field Of Study Craft Beer Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Currently enrolled in the Professional Certificate in the Business of Craft Beer program. To educate and support the San Diego community through a Business of Craft Beer Certificate that fosters personal and industry growth. Volunteer Experience Financial Literacy Volunteer Company Name Junior Advocates & California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates volunteered Dec 2014 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Volunteered to teach 2nd graders financial literacy at Central Elementary School in San Diego. Volunteering was facilitated through Junior Advocates and CalCPA. Financial Literacy Volunteer Company Name Junior Achievements of San Diego & California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Volunteered to teach 2nd graders financial literacy at Kemption Elementary School in San Diego. Volunteering was facilitated through Junior Achievements of San Diego and CalCPA. Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 86 endorsements for Auditing 86 Auditing Endorsed by Thomas Porter and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Bryan’s colleagues at LevitZacks, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 69 endorsements for Accounting 69 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Hartonchik, CPA, CGMA and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Bryan’s colleagues at LevitZacks, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 57 endorsements for GAAP 57 GAAP Michael King and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Eric Llorey, CPA, MBA Experienced Controller | Business Partner | Strategist February 22, 2013, Bryan and Eric were students together Eric and I were both accounting majors while attending the University of San Diego. During this time period, Eric was active in the USD community. He was a regular in the study room in Olin Hall and was proactive in discussing issues with other classmates as well as providing guidance and mentoring to the underclassmen. Eric also displayed strong leadership qualities as part of the accounting society. He is a hard working individual and will be successful in the years to come. Accomplishments Bryan has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications USD Business Alumni Share Insights on Innovation, Creativity Building a Book of Business Hanging out in raging rapids: "Hammocraft evolved from goofing around with hammocks and movement" 2016 San Diego Brewers Guild Leadership Team Announced Featured guest on Jack Rowell's Real Talk San Diego Show on ESPN 1700 am "Start with Why" Lessons from the AICPA Leadership Academy AICPA Announces 2014 Leadership Academy Graduating Class Bryan Carpenter and Erik Raaum competed in the 2014 Ocean Beach Street Fair Chili Cookoff Spoke on behalf of the 2013-14 CalCPA Leadership Institute USD Alumni Participates in Flutter Tunnel Project Bryan has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Professional Certificate Program in the Business of Craft Beer Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) 2013-2014 CalCPA Leadership Institute Graduate 2014 AICPA Leadership Academy Graduate 2012-2013 Emerging Leader Certificate Program Bryan has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2014 Emerging Generation: 25 in their 20's Finalist 2013 CalCPA Statewide YEP of the Year Finalist 2014 LevitZacks' Employee of the Year 2013 Emerging Generation: 25 in their 20's Runner-Up Magna Cum Laude Class of 2003 Valedictorian Bryan has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations American Homebrewers Association San Diego Brewers Guild QUAFF AICPA CalCPA Bryan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Bryan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Flutter Tunnel Art Installation Interests AleSmith Brewing Company 1,770 followers Beer Appreciation Society 407 members LevitZacks, Certified Public Accountants 274 followers Craft Brewing Industry 44,158 members CPAs in Private Industry 1,295 members University of San Diego 59,525 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raaj has a account Raaj Kumar Tax Partner at Deloitte Deloitte University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 394 394 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Partner Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Salesforce.com Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Senior Tax Analyst Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education University of California, Berkeley Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 2 endorsements for Corporate Tax 2 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Kris George and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) E. Joan Lee Global Legal Entity Compliance Manager at Salesforce.com September 21, 2007, Raaj worked with E. Joan in the same group Raaj possesses vast, extensive knowledge in international tax. He is very intelligent with outstanding analytical skills and interpersonal skills. I have had the pleasure of working with Raaj in projects as team members and in projects that were led by him. He is a strong leader and problem solver, always calm under pressure. Rob McGill Senior Tax Manager at Grant Thornton LLP November 23, 2011, Raaj managed Rob directly I have had the pleasure of working with Rob for over a year now in San Francisco and cannot express what a solid guy he is. He has not only been a great manager to our clients and projects, but also a great colleague and friend. He has been able to jump into action and take on multiple projects (of all sizes) with the appropriate prioritizing I would expect of a smart manager. He can pick up things fast and question items that require further research or scrutiny. He can run with things and not skip a beat, but more importanty he will elevate or brainstorm on issues when needed... exactly what you would want from your team members. I have always appreciated his candidness and dedication to our work and the team. Accomplishments Interests Deloitte 2,201,936 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,992 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,182 followers
More Actions Judy has a account Judy Rice Finace Rep at MP Biomedicals MP Biomedicals University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Orange County, California Area 205 205 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Finace Rep Company Name MP Biomedicals Tax Accountant Company Name Valeant Pharmaceuticals Dates Employed Jun 1976 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 28 yrs 3 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Jun 1973 – Jun 1976 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Degree Name Bachelor Degree University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business MBA Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 19,600 followers MP Biomedicals 4,876 followers University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 20,264 followers
More Actions Kate has a account Kate Gilman Owner, Gilman & Londot CPAs Gilman & Londot CPAs University of Iowa Las Vegas, Nevada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Gilman & Londot CPAs Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area Board Member Company Name NevadaGIVES Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Board Member Company Name Habitat for Humanity Dates Employed 2001 – 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs Tax Supervisor Company Name RSM McGladrey Dates Employed May 1998 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Education University of Iowa Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 University of Iowa Tippie College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting/International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 77 endorsements for Accounting 77 Accounting Endorsed by Lynda Keeton-Cardno and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kate’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 76 endorsements for Tax 76 Tax Endorsed by A. J. Decaria EA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kate’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 69 endorsements for CPA 69 CPA Endorsed by Lynda Keeton-Cardno and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kate’s colleagues at RSM US LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) James Hatland President/CEO at J.H.Hatland & Associates December 23, 2009, James was a client of Kate’s We have used Kate as our CPA for 2 years and recommend her very highly. She is very well educated and has a great attitude. We feel very comfortable and at ease when we turn our tax work over to her and her staff. She is honest and tells you like it is. She cares about others in a big way. Something you don't see a lot of these days. If you are having trouble deciding who to go to for your taxes, call Kate's office today. Make an appointment, and put yourself at ease. Ruth Urban Facilitation skills that tap the wisdom & innovative ideas in the room to enhance organizational performance November 17, 2009, Kate was a client of Ruth’s Kate was the president of a non-profit board for which I facilitated a day long strategic planning retreat. She is an exceptional leader! It was a pleasure working with her. She supported the board and staff participating in the retreat and contributed excellent ideas at the most appropriate times. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Ruth Urban Facilitation skills that tap the wisdom & innovative ideas in the room to enhance organizational performance November 17, 2009, Kate was a client of Ruth’s Ruth facilitated the retreat for the Board of Directors I serve on. It's hard to keep that many strong personality types on task. She does an excellent job of setting up what we need to get accomplished in the time we need it to be accomplished. Not many people can do this and Ruth excels at this! Ruth is a dynamite woman who I am always happy to see! Loren Piel Owner at Law Office of Loren A. Piel Ltd. March 10, 2009, Kate worked with Loren but at different companies Loren works with me on many of our clients. He is knowledgable and has great follow-up. Our clients appreciate that we work so well together and that we seemlessly take care of their challenges without involving them with the small stuff. Loren has great moral character. He is a gem of a guy besides being an outstanding attorney. I can't say enough about Loren! Accomplishments Interests University of Iowa 152,356 followers University of Iowa 157,292 followers Nevada Society of CPAs 335 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,826 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers Nevada Society of CPAs 939 members
More Actions Robert R. has a account Robert R. Sick CPA Owner at Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC - Family And Corporate Tax Solutions Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC Hofstra University Patchogue, New York 34 34 connections Send InMail Bob is a CPA and a Certified Financial Planner professional with over 30 years of experience in public accounting and financial services. His practice focuses on comprehensive wealth management solutions for individuals, many of whom are business owners, and their extended families. Client goals are supported through individual and business tax planning and return preparation, as well as business accounting and financial services. In addition to his professional practice, Bob has more than 20 years experience serving as Fire District Treasurer providing him with extensive experience in Fire District Management, municipal law, and internal control procedures. Recent events in his professional practice as well as his experience with internal control procedures have provided Bob with a unique perspective relating to office management and security issues. Bob has had the privilege of teaching accounting and business courses at both Dowling College and Suffolk Community Colleges and previously served as an instructor for a local educational chapter of a national financial services firm. Bob earned both a BBA and MBA from Hofstra University. He is a member of the National Conference of CPA Practitioners and the New York State Society of CPAs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Robert R. Sick CPA PLLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Patchogue, NY We are dedicated to helping individuals and their families work toward their vision of complete financial well being with a focus on clearly defined long term goals, as well as preparing taxes for families, businesses and individuals. We strive to help our clients feel confident about their financial future by helping them to understand the choices that are available to them in planning their financial future and to understand the long-term consequences of their decisions.Our advice is offered in a spirit of mutual respect with an unwavering commitment to honesty and objectivity. We strive to provide retirement planning, small business consulting and tax prep services in an understandable and convenient manner. We know that attaining a sense of financial well being takes a commitment, by both client and advisor, to an ongoing process that must adjust to ever changing circumstances and needs.How might we help you? Media (2) This position has 2 media Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Main Website Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Main Website This media is a link Learning Center : Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC Learning Center : Robert R. Sick, CPA, PLLC This media is a link Treasurer Company Name Sound Beach Fire District Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 11 mos Treasurer Company Name Miller Place Fire District Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Present Employment Duration 27 yrs 1 mo Location Miller Place, NY Education Hofstra University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 Hofstra University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Robert N. Brown, CPA CGMA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 2 endorsements for Finance 2 Finance Bob Torella MBA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 2 endorsements for CPA 2 CPA Robert N. Brown, CPA CGMA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert R. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Financial Planner Certified Public Accountant Robert R. has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations National Conference of CPA Practitioners (NCCPAP) New York State Society of CPAs (NYSSCPA) Interests David CameronDavid Cameron is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 2,503,401 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,816,273 followers Hofstra University 81,510 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,458,149 followers Hofstra University 83,623 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,961,272 followers
More Actions Sadaf has a account Sadaf Inayat Modern Digital Tax Accountant helping Medical Consultants save time,tax & money eTax ZONE Limited Association of Chartered Certified Accountants London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a modern digital tax accountant. I specialise in helping professionals save time, tax and money and spend that extra time and money enjoying a better quality of life. I do this through using the latest cloud based technology. I have been an accountant for 12 years, and a Chartered Certified Accountant for the past 8 years. During this time I have experienced and watched a massive shift in the accounting landscape, with new technologies and cloud based accounting disrupting the industry, and changing the way we do business. I have run my own paperless practice (a modern digital firm) and have been helping professionals to navigate this ever changing landscape and benefit from these new and exciting developments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Sadaf’s Activity "If you want to see the true measure of a man, watch how he treats his employees, not his equals." J.K. Rowling Sadaf liked Focus on the possibilities, not the problems. http://buff.ly/2teZRvG #inspiration #mindfulness #motivation #quote #anxiety #depression Sadaf liked 50 Inspirational Quotes To Motivate You Sadaf liked Sulaiman’s photo Sadaf liked See all activity Experience Director Company Name eTax ZONE Limited Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom We are eTax Zone your modern digital tax accountants. We help consultants, dentists, doctors, architects and IT contractors save time, tax & money so that they can enjoy a better quality of life.As a high performing professional you will be aware that a massive shift in the accounting landscape is coming through the government initiative Making Tax Digital. The Govt is due to implement its Making Tax Digital initiative between 2018 and 2020, which it hopes will create a “transparent and accessible tax system fit for the digital age”. It means THE end of the annual tax return. New technology and The Cloud will forever change the way that we do business.But this is a good thing!eTax Zone turns the adversity businesses face through MTD into an opportunity.All of our services and support use the latest cloud based technology and utilise the best XERO add-ons that supports the changes that HMRC are introducing. It will enable you to have seamless automation, as well as reducing time and money your business spends on administration.eTax Zone ‘s “All In One Modern Digital System” will provide:• Access your financial data in real time, anywhere, anytime. When and where it suits you.• Instant bank reconciliation• Easy expense recording• Customisable invoicing• Quick payments• Invoice tracking• 24/7 support• Powerful reportingRight now you are probably feeling frustrated that you don’t know enough about your business finances. You will be unsure of what making Tax Digital means for you and your business and feeling let down by your current accountant who isn’t doing enough to keep you informed and get your business ready for what lies ahead.eTax Zone will ensure a smooth transition. You will feel safe, informed and in control of your business finances.At eTax Zone it is our mission is to take care of your accounting so you are free to do what you do best.Website: www.etaxzone.co.uk Accountant Company Name Philip T Chave & Co Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos • Responsible for carrying out corporation, income and capital gain tax computations, preparation and submission of corporation, self-assessment tax for various clients.• Prepared statutory accounts and year-end for clients ranging from sole traders to limited companies.• Prepare analysis to support various disclosures for the statutory reporting process.• Excellent team player who cross-sold services to contribute to growing the practice in line with marketing plan.• Liaised with Accounts team, issued letters for corporation tax, computed corporation, income and capital gains tax, submitted VAT and other tax returns.• Utilised experience to resolve tax enquiries and investigations for clients, met with the HMRC tax inspectors.• Kept abreast of deadline dates for submissions to Companies House and Inland Revenue; co-operated with investigations to comply with statutory obligations.• Developed a rapport with the client base, provided solutions to tax matters both reactively and proactively.• Successfully kept updated on Tax department work flows plus internal priorities and policies.• Processed journals, pre-payments and accruals, and other aspects of both the financial and management accounts. Accounts Manager Company Name Apex Associates LLP Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom UK's leading business tax advisors, offering tax advice and financial accounting services.•Prepared accounts for a broad range of clients, from sole trader and partnership to SME firms, audit exempt companies and solicitors.•Initially an Assistant Accountant, promoted based on performance to manage a small team at the accounts practice.•Accomplished at bookkeeping, providing tax returns and bank reconciliations, and preparing accounts, corporation tax analysis and schedules.•Produced self-assessment returns, management accounts with variance analysis, maintained fixed asset register and set up cash flow projections.•Installed a system for improved data control, including accounts working paper files for cost effective way of completing an assignment. Education Association of Chartered Certified Accountants Degree Name ACCA Field Of Study Accounting and Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Oxford Brookes University Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Applied Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Account Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Account Reconciliation 5 Account Reconciliation Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VAT See 5 endorsements for VAT 5 VAT Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bank Reconciliation See 5 endorsements for Bank Reconciliation 5 Bank Reconciliation Hasan Kara [SEO and PPC Expert] and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amanda C. Watts Lead generation & client acquisition for accounting firms who want more profit & growth | Amazon Best Selling Author June 14, 2017, Sadaf was a client of Amanda C.’s “eTax ZONE has been working with Boost for a little over a month and in this time the progress has been phenomenal. We initially worked on the strategy of my accounting practice and really understanding our ideal clients to make marketing efforts more fruitful. Amanda and her team then helped produce the ebook, a video script and clarified our marketing message. Alongside working with Amanda and her team, an online marketing programme was provided so we clearly understood the different steps needed to attract prospects and turn them into clients. Boost are great communicators, supportive and cared for me and my accounting firm. I would not hesitate in recommending them to any business that would like a clear marketing strategy and support in executing it.” Accomplishments Sadaf has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Punjabi Urdu Interests TradeBrandsonline.com 37 followers TaxCalc 425 followers Communitec 22 followers The Economist 4,125,579 followers LinkedIn Marketing Solutions 270,057 followers Aarcicon 12 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charles "Pete" has a account Charles "Pete" Peterson Supervisor, Budgets and Corporate Performance at Puget Sound Energy Puget Sound Energy University of Washington Kent, Washington 45 45 connections Send InMail I am an accomplished Business Analyst, consistently recognized for achievement and performance in the utility industry. I have 28 years experience in utility asset life cycle accounting and processes including implementation of PowerPlant, PowerPlant Depreciation, PowerTax, Tax Provision, and Tax Repairs expensing. I have developed SAP to PowerPlant interfaces for populating the PowerPlant Charge Repository (CR) with SAP GL transactional data, and populating PowerPlant work orders with all PM (Plant Maintenance) and Internal Order master data from SAP. In addition I created processes to ensure daily balancing between SAP and the PowerPlant CR. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Supervisor, Budgets and Corporate Performance Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Supervisor Budgets and Performance Measurement: Supervise team tasked with the development, analysis, forecasting, and performance reporting of capital and O&M budgets, performing operations and financial analysis studies, and promoting data integrity initiatives. Work with officers, directors and managers to evaluate their requirements, develop and present strategic recommendations, and implement their decisions. Assign tasks to team members, and set goals and timelines for accomplishing work. Serve as liaison with other departments to ensure the team functions in compliance with FERC accounting as well as company standards and policies. Develop and drive ideas for system enhancements and process improvements that increase efficiency, accuracy, and productivity of team. Tax Consultant Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Location Belleuve, WA Utilize PowerPlan’s Tax and Provision systems in conjunction with Power Plant, (previously SAP Fixed Asset), SAP Controlling (Work Orders) and General Ledger modules to support the Tax Department in preparation of federal and state tax returns and supporting schedules. Provide technical support for the month-end tax accounting closing process. Plan, develop, implement and maintain tax databases as needed to increase efficiency and improve processes in property tax, sales tax, use tax and B&O tax filings. Provide ad-hoc and production report writing in SAP, provide expertise in PowerPlan reports as well as developing reports in Microsoft Access and Excel. Develop and conduct training classes on reporting capabilities and PC tools. Make recommendations and implement system or procedural changes to enhance tax reporting. Seek cost-effective and creative solutions to new reporting needs. Maintain strong working knowledge of departmental software and technology requirements. Supervisor of Energy Accounting Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bellevue, WA Lead group of three accountants in recording all aspects of accounting for energy and gas purchases and sales. Prepare and record Purchase Gas Adjustment and Power Cost Adjustments, in accordance with Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission orders. Assist and oversee preparation of various regulatory reports. Provide accounting support in new power resource acquisitions. Ensure compliance with departmental accounting policies. Develop, implement, and maintain SOX 404 documentation. Assist in SOX 404 compliance audits for other areas of the accounting organization. Senior Business Analyst Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Utilize SAP Controlling (CO) and Financial Accounting (FI) modules to support external and internal management reporting. Support Cognos based data analysis system used to extend SAP reporting capabilities. Support the month-end accounting closing process. Develop and maintain overhead application business rules. Provide ad-hoc and production report writing support using SAP ABAP, Report Writer, Report Painter, and ABAP query reports. Plan, develop, and implement topical Cognos data cubes. Develop and conduct training classes on accounting processes, system reporting capabilities and PC tools. Lead Property Accountant / Analyst Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Bellevue, WA Supervise staff of eight. SAP Fixed Assets super user. Serve as technical support analyst for SAP Fixed Assets, develop configuration of SAP Fixed Assets module, direct support team in ongoing changes to Fixed Assets. Designed Financial Accounting (FI), Plant Maintenance (PM) and CO interfaces with Fixed Assets. Direct accounting processes and financial system utilization to assure accurate and complete property records as well as book depreciation. Interface with other departments and divisions to assure company wide adherence to procedures and policies regarding property accounting. Develop SAP Fixed Asset and Controlling reporting tools to meet needs of others through out the Company. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting and Marketing Grade 3.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 2 endorsements for Analysis 2 Analysis Lillian Eaton and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 2 endorsements for Budgets 2 Budgets Lillian Eaton and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 1 endorsement for SAP 1 SAP Lillian Eaton has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Charles "Pete" has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Pacific Gas and Electric Company 87,327 followers Avista 4,255 followers PowerPlan, Inc. 8,154 followers University of Washington 358,107 followers Puget Sound Energy 9,234 followers Regulated Capital Consultants 91 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Barber CPA & Tax Consultant AmSurg Corp Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration Greater Nashville Area, TN 360 360 connections Send InMail CPA with twenty-nine years experience in corporate tax, public accounting and financial statement preparation. Twenty corporate tax seasons with experiences including provision, FAS 109, complex federal and multi-state income / franchise, international, return to provision, FIN 48 and research. Proficient using Onesource, Corptax, Sage FAS Fixed Assets and Taxstream. Fourteen public accounting tax seasons with experiences including preparing and reviewing complex corporate, partnership, individual and non-profit tax returns, auditing a variety of companies which included for profit, non-profit, private and government organizations and performing monthly write up work. Proficient using Prosystem fx Engagement, Gosystem Audit, CPAS, Quickbooks and Peachtree. Fourteen years financial statement preparation experience in professional services and not for profit. Proficient using job costing, general ledger and customer database software. Specialties: Federal and multi-state income / franchise FAS 109 FIN 48 International Research Corptax Onesource Income Tax Onesource Apportionment Sage FAS Fixed Assets Taxstream Prosystem fx Engagement Gosystem Audit CPAS Quickbooks Peachtree Timberline job costing Dataquest general ledger NISC customer database software Drake ATX See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Tax Services Company Name AmSurg Corp Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Nashville Area, TN AMSURG’s Ambulatory Services Division acquires, develops and operates ambulatory surgery centers (ASCs) in partnership with physicians throughout the U.S. AMSURG’s Physician Services Division, Sheridan (which includes its affiliates), provides outsourced physician services in multiple specialties to hospitals, ASCs and other healthcare facilities throughout the U.S., primarily in the areas of anesthesiology, radiology, children’s services and emergency medicine. Through these businesses as of June 30, 2016, AMSURG owned and operated 258 ASCs and one surgical hospital in 34 states and the District of Columbia and provided physician services to more than 530 healthcare facilities in 32 states. AMSURG has partnerships with, or employs, over 6,000 physicians and other healthcare professionals in 40 states and the District of Columbia. Tax Consulting Company Name Kenneth Paul Barber, Jr., CPA Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Middle Tennessee LifePoint Hospitals (contract position from 2012-2014) is a leading hospital support company in the Greater Nashville area.Rodefer Moss (contract position from 2012-2014) is a highly respected regional public accounting firm in the Greater Nashville area.AmSurg Corp. (contract position from 2009-2014) acquires, develops and operates ambulatory surgery centers in partnership with physicians.LKQ Corporation & Keystone Automotive Industries, Inc. (contract position from 2007-2008 & 2011) is the largest nationwide source for quality recycled auto parts.Bridgestone Americas, Inc. (contract position from 2006-2010) is a U.S. subsidiary of the Bridgestone Corporation headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. BSAM, through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of Bridgestone, Firestone and associate brand tires to address the needs of a broad range of customers.Rayburn, Bates & Fitzgerald (contract position from 2005-2007) is a highly respected regional public accounting firm in the Maryland Farms area of Brentwood, Tennessee.Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (contract position for 2005) offers a wide range of financing alternatives for Caterpillar machinery, engines and solar gas turbines, as well as other equipment and marine vessels.First Trust Money Services (contract position from 1995-1997) was a nationally prominent financial and investment services group of companies that managed over 100 million dollars in assets for thousands of individuals and businesses.TRC International, Ltd. (contract position from 1992-1994) is a highly respected worldwide full service engineering firm headquartered in Brentwood. Accounting Management Company Name MTEMC Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Murfreesboro, Tennessee Middle Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation is a rural electric cooperative [501(c)(12)] serving approximately 185,000 customers in the middle Tennessee area, including Rutherford, Cannon, Williamson and Wilson counties, with revenue exceeding three hundred million dollars annually.Middle Tennessee Electric Customers Care, Inc. is a non-profit organization [501(c)(3)] which accumulates and disburses funds for charitable purposes within the service area of Middle Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation.Responsibilities included planning and guiding for good financial records and internal controls in addition to testing, reviewing and analyzing accounting data and statistical reports in an effort to promote accurate financial information and effective financial reporting using Dataquest and NISC and preparing and reviewing non-profit and payroll tax returns using ATX forms. Senior Accountant Company Name Dempsey Vantrease and Follis, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Murfreesboro, Tennessee Dempsey Vantrease & Follis is the largest public accounting firm in the Rutherford county area. Client responsibilities included preparing and reviewing complex corporate, partnership, individual and non-profit tax returns using Prosystem fx, auditing a variety of companies which included for profit, non-profit, private and governmental entities and performing monthly write up work and CFO services using CPAS, Peachtree, QuickBooks and Timberline. CFO / Controller Company Name Thomas, Miller & Partners, PLLC Dates Employed Mar 1989 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Brentwood, Tennessee Thomas, Miller & Partners is a highly respected regional architectural firm headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee. Professional responsibilities included all aspects of daily operations consisting of invoicing, payables, general ledger, job costing, payroll, budgeting, human resources, banking, business insurance and internal / external financial reporting including preparing and reviewing partnership and individual tax returns for the architectural, engineering, surveying and investing organizations and their respective partners using the Timberline job costing and accounting system and TurboTax. See more positions Education Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Alpha Phi Omega Perry County High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at State of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at State of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Caroline Renee Monroe and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests LifePoint Health® 15,254 followers Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration 3,211 followers Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 24,665 followers AMSURG 4,330 followers Bridgestone 101,061 followers Tennessee Society of CPAs 2,685 members See all See all following
More Actions Judy has a account Judy Rice Finace Rep at MP Biomedicals MP Biomedicals University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Orange County, California Area 205 205 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Finace Rep Company Name MP Biomedicals Tax Accountant Company Name Valeant Pharmaceuticals Dates Employed Jun 1976 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 28 yrs 3 mos Staff Accountant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Jun 1973 – Jun 1976 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Education University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business Degree Name Bachelor Degree University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business MBA Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 20,264 followers University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business 19,600 followers MP Biomedicals 4,876 followers
More Actions Raaj has a account Raaj Kumar Tax Partner at Deloitte Deloitte University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 394 394 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Partner Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Tax Analyst Company Name Salesforce.com Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Senior Tax Analyst Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education University of California, Berkeley Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 2 endorsements for Corporate Tax 2 Corporate Tax Endorsed by Kris George and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting Accounting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) E. Joan Lee Global Legal Entity Compliance Manager at Salesforce.com September 21, 2007, Raaj worked with E. Joan in the same group Raaj possesses vast, extensive knowledge in international tax. He is very intelligent with outstanding analytical skills and interpersonal skills. I have had the pleasure of working with Raaj in projects as team members and in projects that were led by him. He is a strong leader and problem solver, always calm under pressure. Rob McGill Senior Tax Manager at Grant Thornton LLP November 23, 2011, Raaj managed Rob directly I have had the pleasure of working with Rob for over a year now in San Francisco and cannot express what a solid guy he is. He has not only been a great manager to our clients and projects, but also a great colleague and friend. He has been able to jump into action and take on multiple projects (of all sizes) with the appropriate prioritizing I would expect of a smart manager. He can pick up things fast and question items that require further research or scrutiny. He can run with things and not skip a beat, but more importanty he will elevate or brainstorm on issues when needed... exactly what you would want from your team members. I have always appreciated his candidness and dedication to our work and the team. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 524,992 followers Deloitte 2,201,938 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,182 followers
More Actions Charles "Pete" has a account Charles "Pete" Peterson Supervisor, Budgets and Corporate Performance at Puget Sound Energy Puget Sound Energy University of Washington Kent, Washington 45 45 connections Send InMail I am an accomplished Business Analyst, consistently recognized for achievement and performance in the utility industry. I have 28 years experience in utility asset life cycle accounting and processes including implementation of PowerPlant, PowerPlant Depreciation, PowerTax, Tax Provision, and Tax Repairs expensing. I have developed SAP to PowerPlant interfaces for populating the PowerPlant Charge Repository (CR) with SAP GL transactional data, and populating PowerPlant work orders with all PM (Plant Maintenance) and Internal Order master data from SAP. In addition I created processes to ensure daily balancing between SAP and the PowerPlant CR. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Supervisor, Budgets and Corporate Performance Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Supervisor Budgets and Performance Measurement: Supervise team tasked with the development, analysis, forecasting, and performance reporting of capital and O&M budgets, performing operations and financial analysis studies, and promoting data integrity initiatives. Work with officers, directors and managers to evaluate their requirements, develop and present strategic recommendations, and implement their decisions. Assign tasks to team members, and set goals and timelines for accomplishing work. Serve as liaison with other departments to ensure the team functions in compliance with FERC accounting as well as company standards and policies. Develop and drive ideas for system enhancements and process improvements that increase efficiency, accuracy, and productivity of team. Tax Consultant Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Location Belleuve, WA Utilize PowerPlan’s Tax and Provision systems in conjunction with Power Plant, (previously SAP Fixed Asset), SAP Controlling (Work Orders) and General Ledger modules to support the Tax Department in preparation of federal and state tax returns and supporting schedules. Provide technical support for the month-end tax accounting closing process. Plan, develop, implement and maintain tax databases as needed to increase efficiency and improve processes in property tax, sales tax, use tax and B&O tax filings. Provide ad-hoc and production report writing in SAP, provide expertise in PowerPlan reports as well as developing reports in Microsoft Access and Excel. Develop and conduct training classes on reporting capabilities and PC tools. Make recommendations and implement system or procedural changes to enhance tax reporting. Seek cost-effective and creative solutions to new reporting needs. Maintain strong working knowledge of departmental software and technology requirements. Supervisor of Energy Accounting Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bellevue, WA Lead group of three accountants in recording all aspects of accounting for energy and gas purchases and sales. Prepare and record Purchase Gas Adjustment and Power Cost Adjustments, in accordance with Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission orders. Assist and oversee preparation of various regulatory reports. Provide accounting support in new power resource acquisitions. Ensure compliance with departmental accounting policies. Develop, implement, and maintain SOX 404 documentation. Assist in SOX 404 compliance audits for other areas of the accounting organization. Senior Business Analyst Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Utilize SAP Controlling (CO) and Financial Accounting (FI) modules to support external and internal management reporting. Support Cognos based data analysis system used to extend SAP reporting capabilities. Support the month-end accounting closing process. Develop and maintain overhead application business rules. Provide ad-hoc and production report writing support using SAP ABAP, Report Writer, Report Painter, and ABAP query reports. Plan, develop, and implement topical Cognos data cubes. Develop and conduct training classes on accounting processes, system reporting capabilities and PC tools. Lead Property Accountant / Analyst Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Bellevue, WA Supervise staff of eight. SAP Fixed Assets super user. Serve as technical support analyst for SAP Fixed Assets, develop configuration of SAP Fixed Assets module, direct support team in ongoing changes to Fixed Assets. Designed Financial Accounting (FI), Plant Maintenance (PM) and CO interfaces with Fixed Assets. Direct accounting processes and financial system utilization to assure accurate and complete property records as well as book depreciation. Interface with other departments and divisions to assure company wide adherence to procedures and policies regarding property accounting. Develop SAP Fixed Asset and Controlling reporting tools to meet needs of others through out the Company. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Accounting and Marketing Grade 3.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 2 endorsements for Analysis 2 Analysis Lillian Eaton and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Budgets See 2 endorsements for Budgets 2 Budgets Lillian Eaton and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 1 endorsement for SAP 1 SAP Lillian Eaton has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Charles "Pete" has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Southern Company 57,981 followers PowerPlan, Inc. 8,154 followers R.W. Beck 2,032 followers IEEE Power & Energy Society 21,374 members PacifiCorp 9,628 followers Pacific Gas and Electric Company 87,327 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Velaochaga Tax Accountant at BKD CPAs & Advisors BKD CPAs & Advisors Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Dallas, Texas 162 162 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Tax Senior Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Senior Company Name SS&C GlobeOp Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Financial Services Tax Supervisor Company Name Rothstein Kass Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by Narges Shafaat, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 3 of Alex’s colleagues at Rothstein Kass Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 4 endorsements for Tax Accounting 4 Tax Accounting Anita March, GRI, SRES, SRS, ABR and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers University - Newark 46,761 followers BKD CPAs & Advisors 15,960 followers Maxsys Financial Solutions, LLC 1,665 followers Rutgers University - Newark 45,733 followers Deloitte 2,201,938 followers
More Actions Paula has a account Paula Curry Tax Manager at StackPath, LLC StackPath, LLC University of North Texas Dallas, Texas 351 351 connections Send InMail Specialties: Multi-State & Local Income Tax, Sales & Use Tax, Business License & Occupation Taxes, Unclaimed Property, and Property Tax; Multi-State & Local Research and Planning, Compliance, Federal and International Income Tax, VAT, and GST Tax Compliance and Research, Tax Consulting, Streamlining, Automation, & Best Practices, Process Re-engineering, State Tax Provision, Tax Credits & Incentives, SOX Compliance, Tax Software Systems, Configuration, and Automation, Tax training, experience in CORPTAX, ONESOURCE, Vantage Tax, SAP, JDE & PeopleSoft, Oracle, ACL, CCH, RIA, and BNA, ACCESS, Excel, PowerPoint, as well as other software applications, Accounting, Account Reconciliations and Analysis, Budgeting and Forecasting, Tax Audits, Tax Overpayment Reviews, Telecom and Public Utility Taxes, Tax Credit Applications and Analysis, Internal Auditing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name StackPath, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Dallas, TX CEO Company Name Paula Curry, Tax Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Dallas, TX State Income Tax Manager Company Name McKesson Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Carrollton, TX 75006 State Income Tax Manager Company Name Xerox Business Services, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Dallas, TX Consulting Tax Accountant Company Name Raytheon Company Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Plano, TX See more positions Education University of North Texas Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1982 Activities and Societies: Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Past President of the UNT Student Chapter of the National Association of Black Accountants Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 29 endorsements for Tax 29 Tax Endorsed by Michael Johnson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paula’s colleagues at Raytheon Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 20 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 20 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Endorsed by 2 of Paula’s colleagues at Raytheon Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 19 endorsements for Income Tax 19 Income Tax Endorsed by Michael Johnson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paula’s colleagues at Raytheon Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paula has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests SAP: An Unofficial Sales Tax Support Group 1,183 members Tax and Audit Professionals 7,365 members University of North Texas 187,510 followers Finance & Accounting and Social Media 46,410 members StackPath 959 followers Tax Opportunities 61,474 members See all See all following
More Actions Tyler has a account Tyler Howell Accounting Masters Student at James Madison University James Madison University James Madison University Richmond, Virginia Area 309 309 connections Send InMail I am a graduate student getting my Masters in Accountancy with a minor in Computer Information Systems and a concentration in Leadership graduating in May of 2017 from graduate school at James Madison University. I can be contacted any time by email at howelltl@dukes.jmu.edu See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Graduate Assistant Company Name James Madison University Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Hart School Audit Intern Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Varsity Athlete Tutor Company Name James Madison University Dates Employed Sep 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos - Work with a variety of student athletes to foster educational growth by challenging them academically and promoting success through planned activities and assignments Audit & Tax Intern Company Name Cherry Bekaert LLP Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area - Filled out various Tax Return Forms, including: 990 and 1040- Performed audit procedures & traveled with the audit team conducting walkthroughs at various client sites Education James Madison University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 James Madison University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting and Computer Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Student Ambassadors, Beta Gamma Sigma, Outriggers Peer Educators, Honors Program CPA Eligible Date: May 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tyler has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Beta Gamma Sigma Outriggers Peer Educators Student Ambassadors Interests JMU COB School of Accounting 409 members Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,623 followers James Madison University 104,153 followers JMU College of Business 7,967 members JMU Honors College 395 members James Madison University 101,508 followers
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Carpenter, CPA (The Craft Beer CPA) CGMA Senior Audit Manager at LevitZacks Certified Public Accountants LevitZacks CPAs University of San Diego Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail If you or anyone in your network of contacts are unhappy with their current CPA or are seeking technical accounting assistance, please contact me immediately. We will even look at your prior year tax return for any errors or missed opportunities FOR FREE. My firm LEVITZACKS has been providing outstanding audit, review, compilation, domestic and international tax, management information, and management advisory services since 1964. We have extensive experience in a variety of industries including beverage production and distribution, defense contracting, retailing, automobile dealerships, construction and development, manufacturing, engineering services, biotech, internet services, franchising, distribution, profit sharing and 401(k) plans just to name a few. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Bryan’s Articles & Activity 1,739 followers Hammocraft's first promo video! www.hammocraft.com Bryan Carpenter, CPA (The Craft Beer CPA) CGMA on LinkedIn See all articles "The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true." James Branch Cabell, writer Bryan shared this "One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." Andre Gide, writer Bryan shared this "As is our confidence, so is our capacity." William Hazlitt, writer and philosopher Bryan shared this See all activity Experience Senior Audit Manager Company Name LevitZacks CPAs Dates Employed 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Audit manager overseeing financial statement audits, reviews and compilations. Industries include Craft Breweries, Real Estate, Defense Contracting, Manufacturing, Biotech, Service-based Organizations and 401(k) Retirement Plans. Treasurer Company Name SAN DIEGO BREWERS GUILD Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Ensure the fiscal accountability of the San Diego Brewers Guild. Coordinate the maintenance of the executive treasury expense records with the Executive Director Oversee that line items are charged to the appropriate accounts. Prepare analysis and track trends in financial reports. Prepare the annual budget. Provide Executive Director with the prospective events budget and with the Executive Director ensure that events stay within budget. Attend & support applicable guild-produced events. Assist in the efforts of the guild with ideas, connections, & resources President of the San Diego Chapter Company Name California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Leadership role within the CalCPA and San Diego CPA community. Responsible for leading and growing the San Diego CalCPA chapter, focus new membership and member retention, vote on important issues, actively participate in the San Diego chapter and on the state level. Overlord of Finance & Fun (Co-Owner) Company Name Hammocraft™ LLC Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jackson, Wyoming Overlord of Finance & Fun and Co-Owner of Hammocraft™ LLC. An outdoor recreational company specializing in creating frames which hold up to five hammocks and attach to stand up paddle boards, rafts, and on the ground as well! Follow us on IG: Hammocraft, find us on Facebook, or check out our website www.hammocraft.com Media (1) This position has 1 media Hammocraft+Craft Beer+Sunset=True Bliss Hammocraft+Craft Beer+Sunset=True Bliss This media is an image Vice President of the San Diego Chapter Company Name California Society of CPAs Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater San Diego Area Leadership role within the CalCPA and San Diego CPA community. Attend CalCPA board meetings, assist the president with the leadership duties, focus new membership and member retention, vote on important issues, actively participate in the San Diego chapter and on the state level. Media (1) This position has 1 media 2016-2017 Chapter Leadership Team 2016-2017 Chapter Leadership Team This media is an image See more positions Education University of San Diego Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Accounting Society Double major in Accounting and Business Administration with emphasis in Finance, Real Estate, and Information Technology San Diego State University-California State University Degree Name Professional Certificate in the Business of Craft Beer Field Of Study Craft Beer Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Currently enrolled in the Professional Certificate in the Business of Craft Beer program. To educate and support the San Diego community through a Business of Craft Beer Certificate that fosters personal and industry growth. Volunteer Experience Financial Literacy Volunteer Company Name Junior Advocates & California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates volunteered Dec 2014 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Volunteered to teach 2nd graders financial literacy at Central Elementary School in San Diego. Volunteering was facilitated through Junior Advocates and CalCPA. Financial Literacy Volunteer Company Name Junior Achievements of San Diego & California Society of CPAs/CalCPA Education Foundation Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Volunteered to teach 2nd graders financial literacy at Kemption Elementary School in San Diego. Volunteering was facilitated through Junior Achievements of San Diego and CalCPA. Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 86 endorsements for Auditing 86 Auditing Endorsed by Mark Judd and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Bryan’s colleagues at LevitZacks, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 69 endorsements for Accounting 69 Accounting Endorsed by Mark Hartonchik, CPA, CGMA and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Bryan’s colleagues at LevitZacks, Certified Public Accountants Click and drag to reorder skills GAAP See 57 endorsements for GAAP 57 GAAP Michael King and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Eric Llorey, CPA, MBA Experienced Controller | Business Partner | Strategist February 22, 2013, Bryan and Eric were students together Eric and I were both accounting majors while attending the University of San Diego. During this time period, Eric was active in the USD community. He was a regular in the study room in Olin Hall and was proactive in discussing issues with other classmates as well as providing guidance and mentoring to the underclassmen. Eric also displayed strong leadership qualities as part of the accounting society. He is a hard working individual and will be successful in the years to come. Accomplishments Bryan has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications USD Business Alumni Share Insights on Innovation, Creativity Building a Book of Business Hanging out in raging rapids: "Hammocraft evolved from goofing around with hammocks and movement" 2016 San Diego Brewers Guild Leadership Team Announced Featured guest on Jack Rowell's Real Talk San Diego Show on ESPN 1700 am "Start with Why" Lessons from the AICPA Leadership Academy AICPA Announces 2014 Leadership Academy Graduating Class Bryan Carpenter and Erik Raaum competed in the 2014 Ocean Beach Street Fair Chili Cookoff Spoke on behalf of the 2013-14 CalCPA Leadership Institute USD Alumni Participates in Flutter Tunnel Project Bryan has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Professional Certificate Program in the Business of Craft Beer Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) 2013-2014 CalCPA Leadership Institute Graduate 2014 AICPA Leadership Academy Graduate 2012-2013 Emerging Leader Certificate Program Bryan has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2014 Emerging Generation: 25 in their 20's Finalist 2013 CalCPA Statewide YEP of the Year Finalist 2014 LevitZacks' Employee of the Year 2013 Emerging Generation: 25 in their 20's Runner-Up Magna Cum Laude Class of 2003 Valedictorian Bryan has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations American Homebrewers Association San Diego Brewers Guild QUAFF AICPA CalCPA Bryan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Bryan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Flutter Tunnel Art Installation Interests CPAs in Private Industry 1,295 members Beer Enthusiasts Worldwide 72 members Homebrew and Microbrew 13,535 members Tom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMATom Hood, CPA,CITP,CGMA is a LinkedIn Influencer Influencer in Leadership, Learning, & Technology 443,621 followers Karl Strauss Brewing Company 3,637 followers Second Chance Beer Co LLC 4 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shari has a account Shari Ponath Tax Manager (Sales, Use, Property) SRS Distribution Inc. North Texas State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 129 129 connections Send InMail Expertise in tax; sales and use tax, property tax, audits, exemption certificates, business license, state qualifications, and fictitious names. Manage accounts, reconciliations, research and various executive reporting for multiple legal entities. Excellent communication with taxing authorities, 3rd party vendors, and other company personnel on all tax matters. Specialties: - State and local tax compliance - Property and Real Estate tax - Project management - Fixed Assets - Audits - Research and resolve tax issues - Identify and mitigate areas of risk - Management reporting - Train personnel - 1099 Process See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name SRS Distribution Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location McKinney, TX Managed corporate tax compliance related to direct and indirect taxes, audits, and research.Lead the department, implementing and managing goals and objectives for personnel. Supervise/ manage/ and review the timely completion, filing, and payment of all taxes. Support merger, acquisition and coordinates across functional and process teams to integrate new business into proper compliance.Oversee reporting of critical tax data to field and management. Manage the 1099 process. Hire and train new personnel for corporate tax team. Streamlined corporate tax data management. Tax Accountant Company Name Commercial Metals Company Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Irving, TX Multi-state sales and use tax compliance, research, and audits. Implementation of exemption certificate software and maintenance. Monthly reporting for journal entries and general ledger reconciliation. Back-up maintenance for Sabrix. Research and document exemption certificate research for all states, building a matrix for corporate tax use. Tax Accountant Company Name Perot Systems Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Plano, TX Multi-state sales and use compliance. Research state web site to find and create tax saving on incentive's being offered in many states for doing business in their state. Managed unclaimed property for all states, and assisted with audits.Provided assistance to other departments in the answering tax questions. Worked on special projects as assigned. Tax Accountant Company Name Electronic Data Systems Dates Employed 1986 – 2004 Employment Duration 18 yrs Location Plano, TX Multi-state sales and use tax compliance. Implemented and maintained Fast Tax Software for sales and use tax compliance. Assisted with audits and special projects as assigned. Education North Texas State University Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1972 Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 3 endorsements for Financial Reporting 3 Financial Reporting Endorsed by John Jung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 2 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2 Sarbanes-Oxley Act John Jung and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Endorsed by John Jung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shari has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Institute for Professionals in Tax Shari has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SRS Women's Leadership Formum Interests EY 1,748,782 followers KPMG US 455,540 followers Dave & Buster's Inc. 17,362 followers University of North Texas System 343 followers PwC 1,356,152 followers Engineered Floors, LLC 1,469 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Barber CPA & Tax Consultant AmSurg Corp Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration Greater Nashville Area, TN 360 360 connections Send InMail CPA with twenty-nine years experience in corporate tax, public accounting and financial statement preparation. Twenty corporate tax seasons with experiences including provision, FAS 109, complex federal and multi-state income / franchise, international, return to provision, FIN 48 and research. Proficient using Onesource, Corptax, Sage FAS Fixed Assets and Taxstream. Fourteen public accounting tax seasons with experiences including preparing and reviewing complex corporate, partnership, individual and non-profit tax returns, auditing a variety of companies which included for profit, non-profit, private and government organizations and performing monthly write up work. Proficient using Prosystem fx Engagement, Gosystem Audit, CPAS, Quickbooks and Peachtree. Fourteen years financial statement preparation experience in professional services and not for profit. Proficient using job costing, general ledger and customer database software. Specialties: Federal and multi-state income / franchise FAS 109 FIN 48 International Research Corptax Onesource Income Tax Onesource Apportionment Sage FAS Fixed Assets Taxstream Prosystem fx Engagement Gosystem Audit CPAS Quickbooks Peachtree Timberline job costing Dataquest general ledger NISC customer database software Drake ATX See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Tax Services Company Name AmSurg Corp Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Nashville Area, TN AMSURG’s Ambulatory Services Division acquires, develops and operates ambulatory surgery centers (ASCs) in partnership with physicians throughout the U.S. AMSURG’s Physician Services Division, Sheridan (which includes its affiliates), provides outsourced physician services in multiple specialties to hospitals, ASCs and other healthcare facilities throughout the U.S., primarily in the areas of anesthesiology, radiology, children’s services and emergency medicine. Through these businesses as of June 30, 2016, AMSURG owned and operated 258 ASCs and one surgical hospital in 34 states and the District of Columbia and provided physician services to more than 530 healthcare facilities in 32 states. AMSURG has partnerships with, or employs, over 6,000 physicians and other healthcare professionals in 40 states and the District of Columbia. Tax Consulting Company Name Kenneth Paul Barber, Jr., CPA Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Middle Tennessee LifePoint Hospitals (contract position from 2012-2014) is a leading hospital support company in the Greater Nashville area.Rodefer Moss (contract position from 2012-2014) is a highly respected regional public accounting firm in the Greater Nashville area.AmSurg Corp. (contract position from 2009-2014) acquires, develops and operates ambulatory surgery centers in partnership with physicians.LKQ Corporation & Keystone Automotive Industries, Inc. (contract position from 2007-2008 & 2011) is the largest nationwide source for quality recycled auto parts.Bridgestone Americas, Inc. (contract position from 2006-2010) is a U.S. subsidiary of the Bridgestone Corporation headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. BSAM, through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of Bridgestone, Firestone and associate brand tires to address the needs of a broad range of customers.Rayburn, Bates & Fitzgerald (contract position from 2005-2007) is a highly respected regional public accounting firm in the Maryland Farms area of Brentwood, Tennessee.Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (contract position for 2005) offers a wide range of financing alternatives for Caterpillar machinery, engines and solar gas turbines, as well as other equipment and marine vessels.First Trust Money Services (contract position from 1995-1997) was a nationally prominent financial and investment services group of companies that managed over 100 million dollars in assets for thousands of individuals and businesses.TRC International, Ltd. (contract position from 1992-1994) is a highly respected worldwide full service engineering firm headquartered in Brentwood. Accounting Management Company Name MTEMC Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Murfreesboro, Tennessee Middle Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation is a rural electric cooperative [501(c)(12)] serving approximately 185,000 customers in the middle Tennessee area, including Rutherford, Cannon, Williamson and Wilson counties, with revenue exceeding three hundred million dollars annually.Middle Tennessee Electric Customers Care, Inc. is a non-profit organization [501(c)(3)] which accumulates and disburses funds for charitable purposes within the service area of Middle Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation.Responsibilities included planning and guiding for good financial records and internal controls in addition to testing, reviewing and analyzing accounting data and statistical reports in an effort to promote accurate financial information and effective financial reporting using Dataquest and NISC and preparing and reviewing non-profit and payroll tax returns using ATX forms. Senior Accountant Company Name Dempsey Vantrease and Follis, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Murfreesboro, Tennessee Dempsey Vantrease & Follis is the largest public accounting firm in the Rutherford county area. Client responsibilities included preparing and reviewing complex corporate, partnership, individual and non-profit tax returns using Prosystem fx, auditing a variety of companies which included for profit, non-profit, private and governmental entities and performing monthly write up work and CFO services using CPAS, Peachtree, QuickBooks and Timberline. CFO / Controller Company Name Thomas, Miller & Partners, PLLC Dates Employed Mar 1989 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Brentwood, Tennessee Thomas, Miller & Partners is a highly respected regional architectural firm headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee. Professional responsibilities included all aspects of daily operations consisting of invoicing, payables, general ledger, job costing, payroll, budgeting, human resources, banking, business insurance and internal / external financial reporting including preparing and reviewing partnership and individual tax returns for the architectural, engineering, surveying and investing organizations and their respective partners using the Timberline job costing and accounting system and TurboTax. See more positions Education Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Alpha Phi Omega Perry County High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 15 endorsements for Tax 15 Tax Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at State of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at State of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Caroline Renee Monroe and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Tennessee Technological University - College of Business Administration 3,084 followers LifePoint Health® 15,254 followers Keystone Automotive Industries, Inc. 3,243 followers Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 24,665 followers LKQ Corporation 13,858 followers AMSURG 4,330 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bernice has a account Bernice Will, EA, MST Tax Professional Fairleigh Dickinson University-Florham Campus Greater New York City Area 46 46 connections Send InMail Highlights Education Fairleigh Dickinson University-Florham Campus Degree Name Masters in Taxation Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Jennifer Thompson and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Jennifer Thompson and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 4 endorsements for Small Business 4 Small Business Jennifer Thompson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Courtly Taylor-Brown Real Estate Salesperson at Weichert, Realtors January 27, 2017, Bernice managed Courtly directly Great professional who knows her stuff. Highly recommend Courtly to get the job done right. Accomplishments Interests WithumSmith+Brown 4,177 followers Liberty Tax Franchisee Discussion Group 103 members The Northeastern Region Tax Roundtable 1,194 members H&R Block 75,004 followers Tax Resolution Resource Group 586 members Tax Chat 461 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Siebert Tax Advisor, Tax Preparer at Roberg Tax Solutions Roberg Tax Solutions University of Missouri - St. Louis Greater St. Louis Area 224 224 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Advisor, Tax Preparer Company Name Roberg Tax Solutions Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Staff Accountant Company Name Intelica CRE Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Chesterfield, MO Brokerage Operations Assistant Company Name Commerce Brokerage Services, Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location 8000 Forsyth, Suite 1200, St. Louis Tax Preparer, Quality Reviewer Company Name Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location 1 University Boulevard, St. Louis, MO 63121 Jean Shelley VITA Scholarship 2011-2012 Education University of Missouri - St. Louis Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Accounting Club University of Missouri-Saint Louis Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program (VITA) Financial Service Professionals (FSP) Magna Cum LadeJean Shelley VITA Scholarship 2011-20122010 - 2011 FSP Excellence in Financial Education Award (Financial Service Professionals)Gateway Transfer Scholarship recipient Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 13 endorsements for Tax Preparation 13 Tax Preparation Endorsed by Jan Roberg, EA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Jennifer Johnson and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QuickBooks See 10 endorsements for QuickBooks 10 QuickBooks Jennifer Johnson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Kevin O'LearyKevin O&#39;Leary is a LinkedIn Influencer Contributor/Investor at CNBC 730,617 followers St. Louis Community College-Meramec 4,001 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,251,243 followers University of Missouri-Saint Louis 62,488 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,961,303 followers University of Missouri-Saint Louis 58,034 followers See all See all following
More Actions Allison has a account Allison Raether Senior Tax Accountant at ACS Group ACS Group (American CyberSystems) Rasmussen College Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 485 485 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Allison’s Activity 484 followers AIC is rapidly expanding in the Bay Area, Orange County, Seattle, St. Louis, Kansas City, Austin and Dallas TX.., and we are looking for experienced salespeople and recruiters to support these branch office locations. In our branch offices, the sales team is primarily focused on selling IT, Finance & Engineering and Professional Staffing. If you or someone you know is interested in becoming part of a team that is focused on helping clients achieve their goals, let me know. Allison shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name ACS Group (American CyberSystems) Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Prepare, review, and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Prepare and file corporate income tax returns for multiple companiesPrepare, review, and file property tax statements, annual reports, business licensesPrepare and review account reconciliationsAssist in tax auditsApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist and test computer system upgrades and implementations Media (1) This position has 1 media RESUME.doc RESUME.doc This media is a document Tax Accountant Company Name Analysts International Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Location Edina, MN Prepare and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Prepare and file corporate income tax returns for multiple companiesPrepare and file property tax statements, annual reports, business licensesPrepare and account reconciliationsAssist in tax auditsApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist in Accounts Payable Department Tax Department Specialists Company Name Emerson Process Management Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Prepare and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Assist in sales and tax auditsPrepare and file property tax statements, annual reports, and business licensesApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist and test computer system upgrades and implementations Sales Audit Associate Company Name County Seat Stores Inc Dates Employed Oct 1995 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Balanced daily detail of several stores activityCompleted database reportsBilled and received payments for voucher sales Statement Clerk Company Name Security Bank Dates Employed Jul 1991 – Dec 1995 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Performed statement mailing dutiesProvided efficient and accurate customer service, ensured confidentiality and securityKnowledge of Postage Meter MachineAssisted on teller line See more positions Education Rasmussen College Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation Account Reconciliation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mayer Lutheran High School Alumni 43 members Thomson Reuters for U.S. Tax & Accounting Firms 2,437 followers Analysts 1,214 followers AIC 8,268 followers Rosemount Alumni 782 members ACS Group (American CyberSystems) 9,009 followers
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Saylor Partner at West Chester Tax & Accounting West Chester Tax & Accounting Cincinnati Area, KY 327 327 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Steve’s Activity 328 followers Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Steve liked See all activity Experience Partner - Experience You Can Trust/Quality You Deserve!! Company Name West Chester Tax & Accounting Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location West Chester Ohio Personal and Business TaxTax Preparation and PlanningNew Business and Start-up ConsultationAssisted and Comprehensive Payroll ServicesBookkeeping and Accounting ServicesPreparation of various Operational Manuals President/Consultant Company Name Hunter Health Inc. Dates Employed 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs Multi Tasker Company Name Reisenberg CPA Dates Employed 1998 – 2012 Employment Duration 14 yrs Provide multi facet accounting/tax services for small to mid size businesses with additional services provided to larger size Steel Industry businesses Treasury Department Company Name Manhattan Life Insurance Company and its affiliated entities Dates Employed 1990 – 1993 Employment Duration 3 yrs Human Resources Company Name University Health Plan Dates Employed 1984 – 1988 Employment Duration 4 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 30 endorsements for Strategic Planning 30 Strategic Planning Linda DeFazio and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 28 endorsements for Process Improvement 28 Process Improvement Katie Brock and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Employee Benefits See 24 endorsements for Employee Benefits 24 Employee Benefits Katie Brock and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kimberly Snyder VP Business Banking Relationship Manager at Huntington Bank May 15, 2012, Steve worked with Kimberly but at different companies Kim is one of the most value added business partner's in the community we have had for over the past 15+ years. She is not only a "banker" she is a business partner with her clients, I have worked with Kim on a numerous shared clients and the industry strength value she brings to the table is top notch! The honesty she conveys to the clients is what has kept the clients from coming back, because in today's environment sometimes the clients don't always like the answer, but Kim will tell the truth, but with the truth she always has an action plan; that is one of her strongest strengths! From being a professional in a multi faceted CPA Firm, Kim has been a strong asset to us---Kudos to Kim!!! Accomplishments Interests CAI Insurance Agency, Inc 296 followers American Airlines 276,230 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,829 followers BBC Technology Solutions 109 members SHRM (Society for Human Resource Management) Official Group 220,741 members Steel Manufacturers and Processors 38,472 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O' Sullivan Audit Trainee at BDO Ireland BDO Ireland University of Limerick Ireland 308 308 connections Send InMail I graduated from the University of Limerick with an Honors degree in Business Studies-majoring in accounting and finance in August 2013. I have since competed a one year full time postgraduate course in the University of Limerick in Taxation, which commenced in September 2013. I expect to graduate in Janurary 2015 I have just completed research on 'The attitudes of third level graduates and the feasibility of introducing an Income Contingent Loan System in Ireland' as part of my thesis. Currently, I am engaged in a training contract by BDO in their personal client department, which primarily deals with audit and tax issues. I served as club treasurer for the law society in the University of Limerick from May 2013-December 2013. I successfully completed a term of employment in the University of Limerick for the academic year 2013/2014, as a teaching assistant for a third year tax module, "Taxation Theory and Practices". The term employment commenced in September 2013 and ceased in December 2013. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Patrick’s Activity 308 followers Hedgeserv are hiring! Patrick liked I am honoured to be representing Kilkenny in the Miss Ireland final in October. I hope to do Kilkenny, and myself proud. Patrick liked See all activity Experience Audit Trainee Company Name BDO Ireland Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Limerick, Ireland My responsibilities include:Accounts preparation Verifying the validity of the content of clients accounts.Ensuring the accounts are free from any material misstatements.Effectively communicating and reporting to my senior/manager on a timely basis.Investigating clients queries and effectively reporting to them in a timely efficient manor. Postgraduate Student-Masters of Taxation Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Limerick, Ireland The postgraduate masters of Taxation is a new programme, which was introduced to the University of Limerick in 2012. I am a member of the second cohort of the masters of tax and I expect to graduate in Janurary 2015.The programme is closely linked with the "Irish Tax Institute". Upon completion of the course and with the required grades obtained, I will gain full exemptions from part one and part two exams of the "AITA" exams. It will take one year after completion of this programme to complete the part three exams, before qualifying as a tax consultant. The programme provides a comprehensive and in-depth knowledge of personal, indirect, corporation and international taxes. Also, there is a governance module aimed to increase the understanding and importance of good governance and it's role in corporate and financial transparency, within an organisation. As well as that there is a professional development module, which distinguishes the course from others. This module provides relevant information in relation to personal development and prepares graduates for challenges in project work and work life. Undergraduate Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Limerick, Ireland Last semester, I taught a third year module "Taxation Theory and Practices" to the Business Studies undergraduates. The module consisted of an introduction to the rules and treatment of personal income taxes for both self-employed and employed persons.My responsibilities involved:Effectively transferring knowledge to the undergraduates in a simple, but effectively manor.Preparing and presenting the information on microsoft powerpoint.Assisting with any queries the students may have in relation to the content covered.Managing my time so that all material assigned for the tutorial was covered sufficiently. Student Business Studies Accounting and Finance Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Limerick, Ireland Gained a diverse, challenging and rewarding experience in five main business areas including, Accounting and Finance, Economics, Risk Management and Insurance, HR and Marketing. Gained invaluable work experience with a "Big 4" accounting firm in Ireland. Intern Auditor Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Kilkenny I successfully secured employment with PwC for an eight month work placement, during my undergraduate degree. I spent one week training in the head office in Dublin, before being deployed to the Kilkenny office where I completed the remainder of my contract.While employed with the firm I gained an invaluable learning experience, including travelling abroad, dealing with clients and undertaking substantive analytical testing to verify accuracy and completeness of accounts.My main duties included:Performing call over procedure's on the final draft of the annual report, to ensure no material mistake was present.Preparing confirmation letters and document and organize each confirmation letter as they were returned.Performing substantive analytical analysis on the financial statements, to ensure completeness and accuracy.Perform stock counts and document the results. See more positions Education University of Limerick Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Currently a member of the University of Limerick Law society. I am the current Treasurer of the law society. The programme is closely linked with the "Irish Tax Institute". Upon completion of the course and with the required grades obtained, I will gain full exemptions from part one and part two exams of the "AITA" exams. It will take one year after completion of this programme to complete the part three exams, before qualifying as a tax consultant. The programme provides a comprehensive and in-depth knowledge of personal, indirect, corporation and international taxes. Also, there is a governance module aimed to increase the understanding and importance of good governance and it's role in corporate and financial transparency, within an organisation. University of Limerick Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: I joined the law society in May 2013, when I was voted as club treasurer. My duties involved: Maintaining proper books and accounts of receipts and payments made by the society. Preparing a budget for the Law Society. Participated in the recruitment drives for new members. This four year undergraduate course provides a comprehensive set of modules, which allows students to gain knowledge and skills in all aspects of business functions, before allowing students to chose one specific area to study. Such modules include Accounting, Risk management, economics, HR and Marketing.The programme also offers a compulsory eight month work placement, during the third year of studies, which allows students to gain practical experience in a work place environment. Claoiste Phadraig, Castleisland Degree Name Leaving Certificate Field Of Study Honours Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Participated and coordinated a "School Sports Day". My principle responsibilities were as follows: Coordinating and time managing events. Organizing and controlling a "shop". Responsible for maintaining proper books and accounts of both receipts and payments. Managed stock levels for the day. Organize prizes on the day Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by 10 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 26 endorsements for Auditing 26 Auditing Endorsed by 9 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 25 endorsements for Financial Accounting 25 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 8 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Basic French German Irish Patrick has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and Finance Taxation Interests Tax & Financial Group 2,152 followers Newly Qualified Accountants in Dublin 348 members Jeff SelingoJeff Selingo is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times bestselling author, Washington Post columnist, higher education strategist, LinkedIn Top 10 Influencer 399,928 followers Northern Trust Corporation 84,491 followers Creative Tax Recruitment 2,258 members Peter GreenbergPeter Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Travel Editor at CBS News 79,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Velaochaga Tax Accountant at BKD CPAs & Advisors BKD CPAs & Advisors Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Dallas, Texas 162 162 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name BKD CPAs & Advisors Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Tax Senior Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Senior Company Name SS&C GlobeOp Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Financial Services Tax Supervisor Company Name Rothstein Kass Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Endorsed by Narges Shafaat, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 6 endorsements for Tax Preparation 6 Tax Preparation Endorsed by 3 of Alex’s colleagues at Rothstein Kass Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 4 endorsements for Tax Accounting 4 Tax Accounting Anita March, GRI, SRES, SRS, ABR and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests BKD CPAs & Advisors 15,960 followers Deloitte 2,201,942 followers Rutgers University - Newark 46,761 followers Rutgers University - Newark 45,733 followers Maxsys Financial Solutions, LLC 1,665 followers
More Actions Bernice has a account Bernice Will, EA, MST Tax Professional Fairleigh Dickinson University-Florham Campus Greater New York City Area 46 46 connections Send InMail Highlights Education Fairleigh Dickinson University-Florham Campus Degree Name Masters in Taxation Field Of Study Tax Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Tax See 8 endorsements for Corporate Tax 8 Corporate Tax Jennifer Thompson and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 5 endorsements for Tax Preparation 5 Tax Preparation Jennifer Thompson and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 4 endorsements for Small Business 4 Small Business Jennifer Thompson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Courtly Taylor-Brown Real Estate Salesperson at Weichert, Realtors January 27, 2017, Bernice managed Courtly directly Great professional who knows her stuff. Highly recommend Courtly to get the job done right. Accomplishments Interests Liberty Tax 14,406 followers The Northeastern Region Tax Roundtable 1,194 members Fairleigh Dickinson University 73,550 followers H&R Block 75,004 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,251,249 followers Tax Professionals 114,664 members See all See all following
More Actions Shari has a account Shari Ponath Tax Manager (Sales, Use, Property) SRS Distribution Inc. North Texas State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 129 129 connections Send InMail Expertise in tax; sales and use tax, property tax, audits, exemption certificates, business license, state qualifications, and fictitious names. Manage accounts, reconciliations, research and various executive reporting for multiple legal entities. Excellent communication with taxing authorities, 3rd party vendors, and other company personnel on all tax matters. Specialties: - State and local tax compliance - Property and Real Estate tax - Project management - Fixed Assets - Audits - Research and resolve tax issues - Identify and mitigate areas of risk - Management reporting - Train personnel - 1099 Process See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name SRS Distribution Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location McKinney, TX Managed corporate tax compliance related to direct and indirect taxes, audits, and research.Lead the department, implementing and managing goals and objectives for personnel. Supervise/ manage/ and review the timely completion, filing, and payment of all taxes. Support merger, acquisition and coordinates across functional and process teams to integrate new business into proper compliance.Oversee reporting of critical tax data to field and management. Manage the 1099 process. Hire and train new personnel for corporate tax team. Streamlined corporate tax data management. Tax Accountant Company Name Commercial Metals Company Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Irving, TX Multi-state sales and use tax compliance, research, and audits. Implementation of exemption certificate software and maintenance. Monthly reporting for journal entries and general ledger reconciliation. Back-up maintenance for Sabrix. Research and document exemption certificate research for all states, building a matrix for corporate tax use. Tax Accountant Company Name Perot Systems Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Plano, TX Multi-state sales and use compliance. Research state web site to find and create tax saving on incentive's being offered in many states for doing business in their state. Managed unclaimed property for all states, and assisted with audits.Provided assistance to other departments in the answering tax questions. Worked on special projects as assigned. Tax Accountant Company Name Electronic Data Systems Dates Employed 1986 – 2004 Employment Duration 18 yrs Location Plano, TX Multi-state sales and use tax compliance. Implemented and maintained Fast Tax Software for sales and use tax compliance. Assisted with audits and special projects as assigned. Education North Texas State University Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1972 Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 3 endorsements for Financial Reporting 3 Financial Reporting Endorsed by John Jung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Sarbanes-Oxley Act See 2 endorsements for Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2 Sarbanes-Oxley Act John Jung and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 1 endorsement for Tax Accounting 1 Tax Accounting Endorsed by John Jung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shari has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Institute for Professionals in Tax Shari has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SRS Women's Leadership Formum Interests EY 1,748,782 followers University of North Texas System 343 followers Engineered Floors, LLC 1,469 followers Dave & Buster's Inc. 17,362 followers SRS Distribution Inc. 2,749 followers PwC 1,356,152 followers See all See all following
More Actions Allison has a account Allison Raether Senior Tax Accountant at ACS Group ACS Group (American CyberSystems) Rasmussen College Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 485 485 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Allison’s Activity 484 followers AIC is rapidly expanding in the Bay Area, Orange County, Seattle, St. Louis, Kansas City, Austin and Dallas TX.., and we are looking for experienced salespeople and recruiters to support these branch office locations. In our branch offices, the sales team is primarily focused on selling IT, Finance & Engineering and Professional Staffing. If you or someone you know is interested in becoming part of a team that is focused on helping clients achieve their goals, let me know. Allison shared this See all activity Experience Senior Tax Accountant Company Name ACS Group (American CyberSystems) Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Prepare, review, and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Prepare and file corporate income tax returns for multiple companiesPrepare, review, and file property tax statements, annual reports, business licensesPrepare and review account reconciliationsAssist in tax auditsApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist and test computer system upgrades and implementations Media (1) This position has 1 media RESUME.doc RESUME.doc This media is a document Tax Accountant Company Name Analysts International Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Location Edina, MN Prepare and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Prepare and file corporate income tax returns for multiple companiesPrepare and file property tax statements, annual reports, business licensesPrepare and account reconciliationsAssist in tax auditsApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist in Accounts Payable Department Tax Department Specialists Company Name Emerson Process Management Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Prepare and file sales and use tax returns for multiple companies Assist in sales and tax auditsPrepare and file property tax statements, annual reports, and business licensesApprove and maintain exemption certificatesAssist and test computer system upgrades and implementations Sales Audit Associate Company Name County Seat Stores Inc Dates Employed Oct 1995 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Balanced daily detail of several stores activityCompleted database reportsBilled and received payments for voucher sales Statement Clerk Company Name Security Bank Dates Employed Jul 1991 – Dec 1995 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Performed statement mailing dutiesProvided efficient and accurate customer service, ensured confidentiality and securityKnowledge of Postage Meter MachineAssisted on teller line See more positions Education Rasmussen College Degree Name Accounting Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Account Reconciliation Account Reconciliation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Tax No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests ACS Group (American CyberSystems) 9,009 followers AIC 8,268 followers Analysts 1,214 followers Rosemount Alumni 782 members Thomson Reuters for U.S. Tax & Accounting Firms 2,437 followers Mayer Lutheran High School Alumni 43 members
More Actions Jenny has a account Jenny Lin Owner, Jenny Lin, CGA Jenny Lin, CGA York University Toronto, Canada Area 52 52 connections Send InMail I’ll earn your trust by being REAL. That is, I am: Responsive to your questions and concerns; Expert in my field. I am a licensed Certified General Accountant with a diverse set of experience and knowledge; Action-oriented. I’ll work with you to address any issues in your business and ensure the filing of statutory returns in a timely manner; and Listening to your needs. Everyone has a story to tell. I want to hear yours so I can obtain the information necessary to best work with you to help build a prosperous business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Jenny Lin, CGA Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Certified General Accountant Education York University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Volunteer Experience Community Volunteer Income Tax Program Company Name Canada Revenue Agency Dates volunteered Mar 2013 – Apr 2013 Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Assisting low income seniors in preparing their annual personal income tax returns. Featured Skills & Endorsements Entrepreneurship See 3 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 3 Entrepreneurship Jane Rouhinen and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 3 endorsements for Tax 3 Tax Jane Rouhinen and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 1 endorsement for Small Business 1 Small Business Victor Fong has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jenny has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Salary or Dividends? An Introduction for the Canadian Business Owner Bad Things Happen If You Don't Pay Taxes Disputing a Notice of Reassessment What Is a Professional Corporation? Introduction to Canadian Controlled Private Corporations Should I Incorporate? Introduction To Deducting Home Business Expenses Jenny has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified General Accountant Jenny has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Mandarin Interests York University 196,823 followers York University 208,525 followers
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Gass Certified ScrumMaster and Agile Coach Warner Music Group Binghamton University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Leader in application development of solutions to drive business opportunity. Passionate and energetic leader of Agile methods, as a teacher, trainer, facilitator, coach, and mentor. I leverage leadership, communication, and team improvement skills to empower teams with the ability to satisfy the customer with early and continuous delivery of valuable software. Competencies: Agile transformation Application design and development Influential leadership across the organization Solutions for Entertainment, Wealth and Asset Management, Capital Markets See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Scrum Master and Project Manager Company Name Warner Music Group Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Consultant, Project Management and Agile Coach Company Name TD Ameritrade Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Omaha, NE Executed process review of an inflight build of a next generation Order Management System. Implemented improvements for business readiness and conversion approach. Agile coaching and project management. Executive Director Company Name Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Dates Employed 2005 – 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Development Manager for Capital MarketsPartnered with business leaders to set strategy and deliver on time four applications to implement a complex agreement between the Retail Joint Venture and two competing Institutional trading desks.Spearheaded introduction of Agile techniques to MSWM Capital Markets. Approach was key to moving ahead with development during extended deal negotiations and continual adjustment of requirements. Vice President Company Name Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Dates Employed 1999 – 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Development Manager for Capital MarketsDirected the development of order entry UI and order management software for multiple products, including Equity, Fixed Income, FX, Equity Options and Syndicate. Education Binghamton University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) New York University Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Object Oriented Programming Volunteer Experience Reading mentor at Power Lunch Company Name Everybody Wins NYC Dates volunteered 2012 – 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements IT Strategy See 25 endorsements for IT Strategy 25 IT Strategy Endorsed by Michael Boumansour, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Robert’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 41 endorsements for Agile Methodologies 41 Agile Methodologies Endorsed by Michael Boumansour and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at TD Ameritrade Click and drag to reorder skills Scrum See 27 endorsements for Scrum 27 Scrum Endorsed by Michael Boumansour, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at TD Ameritrade Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Irma Leong Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney May 21, 2015, Robert worked with Irma in the same group Bob demonstrated leadership and strategic vision when we were challenged to build applications for the Joint Venture of MSWM and Smith Barney. A major issue was business negotiations on terms of the deal continued to drag on and there was concern that development would not have sufficient time to be ready for the planned conversion date. Bob decided to use Scrum with two week sprints to take advantage of early and frequent delivery as a way to absorb revised requirements and adjust priority. His coaching and communication with developers and the business helped to ease the transition to the Agile approach and set the foundation for a successful project. Dan McGuire Managing Director, North America Wealth Management Technology at Thomson Reuters December 20, 2014, Dan managed Robert directly Bob was a key part of the wealth management merger between Smith Barney and Morgan Stanley:He was driver of the delivery of the joint venture Order Flow Platform covering distribution and secondary trading of equity, options, and fixed income products, and access to the box for Securities Lending. This was a very complex project - negotiating requirements among the ideologies of two trading desks, having to extract a viable solution, quickly expand the team to respond, then deliver on an aggressive, public deadline. Bob stood in and made it happen with his team. He kept the team focused and motivated under the pressure and made it happen. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Hardik Patel IT Consultant at Tata Consultancy Services March 15, 2016, Robert was senior to Hardik but didn’t manage directly Hardik was the onshore lead for the vendor on a project to Decommission the Wealth Management VB applications. As the technical lead he demonstrated great aptitude in learning the legacy applications and he was instrumental in sharing this knowledge with the offshore team. He managed the team through the implementation of several sets of required updates. Most importantly, he designed and executed the strategy to retire the applications. With the knowledge that he acquired from the legacy apps he was also able to work on the web based replacements. Hardik was a key contributor to the success of the broader team. Cathy Rimsky Career and Job Search Consultant: Resume Writer, LinkedIn, Interview Coaching: Empowering Clients to Achieve Success August 11, 2015, Robert was a client of Cathy’s While going through a career transition I relied upon Cathy for help and guidance on key issues during interview preparation, resume construction and industry research. Cathy revealed to me unique ways to describe my experience and effective strategies to deal with challenging interview questions. She is easy to work with and I strongly recommend her as a coach and counselor. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Robert has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified ScrumMaster Interests Binghamton University 85,101 followers TD Ameritrade 42,261 followers Agile NYC User Group 602 members Agile and Lean Software Development 150,182 members Bank and Finance Technology - FinTech Banking Systems Financial Executives 113,978 members Binghamton University 87,481 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chuck has a account Chuck Turlington owner at B&G Tax Services B&G Tax Services Greenville, South Carolina Area 55 55 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience owner Company Name B&G Tax Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 12 endorsements for Tax 12 Tax Nill Silver Greenville HeadShots and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 10 endorsements for Small Business 10 Small Business Greg Koon and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 9 endorsements for Accounting 9 Accounting Greg Koon and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Alexandra has a account Alexandra Herrera Tax Accountant at Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Golden Gate University Los Angeles, California 78 78 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Law See 6 endorsements for Tax Law 6 Tax Law Endorsed by Charles Rettig, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 3 endorsements for Tax Research 3 Tax Research Natalie Asghari and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills IRS See 3 endorsements for IRS 3 IRS Endorsed by Charles Rettig, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,458,176 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers International Taxation Network 5,888 members Golden Gate University Master of Taxation 1,914 members Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. 79 followers TaxConnections-Success Strategies 1,375 members See all See all following
More Actions Laura has a account Laura Martinez CPA in progress/ Tax and Accountant Supervisor/International Accountant Mann Eye Institute The University of New Mexico Houston, Texas Area 288 288 connections Send InMail INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTANT/ TAX AND ACCOUNTING SUPERVISOR/ CPA ELIGIBLE Accomplished international CPA with broad and domestic experience in all aspects of accounting, tax, auditing and financial management. Demonstrated hands-on experience in the development of high impact strategies and implementation of innovation process for client’s business. Ability to manage multiple assignments efficiently under extreme time pressures while meeting tight deadline schedules. Flexible, resourceful and out-of-the-box thinker. Cross-culturally sensitive, able to provide proven leadership and motivation to in-house teams. Effective communicator, including native fluency in Spanish and Portuguese. AREAS OF EXPERTISE: General Accounting Public Accounting Organizational Re-Engineering Finance Management/Analysis Budget Preparation/Administration Cash Management Planning/Scheduling Due Diligence/Auditing Corporate and Individual Tax Foreign Exchange/Settlement Accounts Merger and Acquisitions Implementation of Accounting software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Mann Eye Institute Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston y alrededores, Texas, Estados Unidos Performed accounting functions and prepared financial statements and supported schedules according to monthly closing process. Analyzed FS on a monthly bases and report on variances. Assisted with external audits. Facilitated and completed monthly close procedures. Designed and reviewed documentation of internal controls. Prepared Tax returns and corporate reports for management. International Accountant - Contractor Company Name FMC Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area International AccountantPerformed international accounting functions for various entities including forecasting, budgeting, analysis, AR, Inventory analysis, AP and Cash. Responsible for monthly, quarterly and annual reporting requirements with Hyperion. Balance sheet accounts reconciliations on a monthly basis to ensure international compliance. Assist in the development, review and implementation of key processes, policies and procedures related to finance. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Schlumberger Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Houston y alrededores, Texas, Estados Unidos Responsible for the preparation of analysis, statutory accounts and tax returns for a group of countries. Tax reports for management on monthly, quarterly and yearly basis including tax provisions models and balance sheet notes. Tax forecast and local statutory accounts. Ensured compliance within filing deadlines. Prepared legal accounts in accordance with local and country regulations. Assisted on tax audits as per requirements. . Worked on tax migration process to implement in the US. Governmental Senior Auditor and Tax Accountant Company Name Griego Professional Services Dates Employed May 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Albuquerque, New Mexico Area Conducted external Audits and other engagements for governmental and public entities. Federal and State compliance audits, and agreed-upon procedures. Propose adjusting journal entries and discussed audit findings. Identified and communicate accounting and auditing matters to clients and managers. Prepared Corporate and individual federal and state compliance Tax returns. Accounting and Tax Department Consultant Company Name Perales-Aguiar SA Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Buenos Aires, Argentina Recruited to turn-around the financial management and accounting operations of a middle size construction company with six subsidiaries. Challenged to lead a team of non-accounting people in conceiving, developing and revamping the existing but flawed budget, accounting and taxation system, including financial statement preparation and tax filing for all subsidiaries and parent company. Supervised, lead and supported staff of 5. Led, trained and organized the implantation of new ERP software. See more positions Education The University of New Mexico Degree Name English Field Of Study English Language and Literature, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Activities and Societies: New México CPA Universidad Nacional de Misiones Degree Name Contadora Pública Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2001 CPA Featured Skills & Endorsements Budgets See 3 endorsements for Budgets 3 Budgets Marco Marini and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills English See 2 endorsements for English 2 English Murad Alnajjar and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 2 endorsements for Leadership 2 Leadership Marco Marini and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Eliana Morales Director of Recruiting- Temporary Services at Align Strategic Partners February 29, 2016, Laura was a client of Eliana’s Eliana was really great to work with. From the start she was able to target my skills to the right opportunities and followed up completion in a shortest possible time frame while also providing constant feedback and advice. Thank you for your hard work. I will highly recommend Eliana to anyone looking for a recruiter to help find them a new job. Accomplishments Laura has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portugués Laura has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Universidad Nacional de Misiones 6,192 followers Constructora Sudamericana SA 18,165 followers DMA - DuCharme, McMillen & Associates, Inc. 2,448 followers Align Strategic Partners (ASP) 3,133 followers ExxonMobil 924,017 followers Consejo Profesional de Ciencias Económicas de la Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires 6,694 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Saylor Partner at West Chester Tax & Accounting West Chester Tax & Accounting Cincinnati Area, KY 327 327 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Steve’s Activity 328 followers Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Steve liked See all activity Experience Partner - Experience You Can Trust/Quality You Deserve!! Company Name West Chester Tax & Accounting Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location West Chester Ohio Personal and Business TaxTax Preparation and PlanningNew Business and Start-up ConsultationAssisted and Comprehensive Payroll ServicesBookkeeping and Accounting ServicesPreparation of various Operational Manuals President/Consultant Company Name Hunter Health Inc. Dates Employed 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs Multi Tasker Company Name Reisenberg CPA Dates Employed 1998 – 2012 Employment Duration 14 yrs Provide multi facet accounting/tax services for small to mid size businesses with additional services provided to larger size Steel Industry businesses Treasury Department Company Name Manhattan Life Insurance Company and its affiliated entities Dates Employed 1990 – 1993 Employment Duration 3 yrs Human Resources Company Name University Health Plan Dates Employed 1984 – 1988 Employment Duration 4 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 30 endorsements for Strategic Planning 30 Strategic Planning Linda DeFazio and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 28 endorsements for Process Improvement 28 Process Improvement Katie Brock and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Employee Benefits See 24 endorsements for Employee Benefits 24 Employee Benefits Katie Brock and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kimberly Snyder VP Business Banking Relationship Manager at Huntington Bank May 15, 2012, Steve worked with Kimberly but at different companies Kim is one of the most value added business partner's in the community we have had for over the past 15+ years. She is not only a "banker" she is a business partner with her clients, I have worked with Kim on a numerous shared clients and the industry strength value she brings to the table is top notch! The honesty she conveys to the clients is what has kept the clients from coming back, because in today's environment sometimes the clients don't always like the answer, but Kim will tell the truth, but with the truth she always has an action plan; that is one of her strongest strengths! From being a professional in a multi faceted CPA Firm, Kim has been a strong asset to us---Kudos to Kim!!! Accomplishments Interests Electronic Return Originators, IRS e-file. 5,070 members Eskenazi Health 6,791 followers Delta Air Lines 248,300 followers TriHealth 9,925 followers Kircher Law Office, LLC 8 followers American Metal Market 16,215 members See all See all following
More Actions Deborah has a account Deborah Dye Administrative Assistant at San Antonio College San Antonio College (SAC) San Antonio College San Antonio, Texas Area 65 65 connections Send InMail As a recent college graduate, I am passionate about bookkeeping and I have a drive to excel in any business industry. I hope to find the opportunity to use my education and share my knowledge to others. I have extensive office and leadership experience building effective teams that work efficiently in a rapidly changing business environment. I am known for my hands-on, action-oriented, thought-provoking management style, and I am looking to bring my expertise into an environment that has a high regard for its human capital. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Administrative Assistant Company Name San Antonio College (SAC) Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area • Performed full administrative duties that included meeting and greeting visitors, receiving and responding to correspondence; organized and expedited flow of work through office and initiated any follow-up actions.• Responded to questions from students, faculty, and visitors.• Scheduled appointments and coordinated arrangements for meetings and conferences; maintained calendars, web pages, travel documents, and social media sites.• Monitored department budget and processed various forms.• Produced reports and documents as directed. Administrative Assistant 3 Company Name Southeastern Louisiana University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area • Purchased all supplies and equipment for the Baton Rouge Center including the nursing skills lab.• Maintained and managed three different department budgets.• Managed office supplies, vendors, and department upkeep.• Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meetings and travel calendars, including business and social events.• Typed and processed all hiring proposals for faculty and graduate assistants.• Department timekeeper for 10 employees and graduate assistants.• Audited graduating senior’s classes and grades to determine graduation requirements.• Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.• Made all travel arrangements and processed travel expenses and reimbursements. Academy Coordinator Company Name Swift Transportation Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area • Maintained accurate and complete student records as required by state and federal laws.• Registered all new and returning students for classes.• Maintained accurate and complete records for 50 classes every calendar year.• Facilitated organized record retrieval and access for both in-house and discharged students.• Served as the main liaison between students, management and recruiters.• Data entry for all grades, drug screen results, and physical exam results.• Audited hotel and Greyhound bills in a timely matter.• Coordinated with the Academy Manager and the Road/Range Supervisor to address discipline issues. Secretary/Bookkeeper Company Name Habitat for Humanity of Greater New Bern, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 1998 – May 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New Bern, NC • Accounts Receivables; Accounts Payable; Payroll; bank reconciliation; and daily bank deposits.• Accounted for all moneys spent on each Habitat house.• Determined mortgage payment to homeowners and paid all escrow payments.• Tracked new homeowners sweat equity hours.• Responsible for quarterly newsletters and for its bulk mailing.• Administrative duties; typed reports and grant documents; answered phones, dealt with walk-in customers. Education San Antonio College Degree Name Associate's degree (December 2015) Field Of Study Accounting Technology Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Student Leadership Institute -- Tier 2 scholar Graduated May 2015 -- Accounting Technician -- Level 1 Certificate – Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0Accounting Computer Applications, Marketable Skills Certificate – San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0Graduated December 2015 -- Accounting Technology -- A.A.S. -- Distinguished Graduate -- Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0 Office Technician -- Level 1 Certificate -- Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0 Craven Community College Degree Name Associate's degree Field Of Study General Office Technology Grade 3.571 Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Took classes in office management, computers, and accounting. Volunteer Experience Office Help Company Name San Antonio Food Bank Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Produced paperwork to go with the summer food program sites and counted total number of participants in the WIC program by different categories over an extended period of time; processed and separated frozen foods into categories. Volunteer Caseworker / Chairman of Layettes / Layette worker Company Name Navy-Marine Corps Relief Society Dates volunteered Aug 1983 – Dec 1998 Volunteer duration 15 yrs 5 mos Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Determined servicemembers need for financial assistance, prepared in-depth budgets, granted financial assistance, assembled layettes for servicemembers, purchased supplied to be included in the layettes, budgeted the amount of items to be placed in the layettes, and knit and crocheted layettes for the servicemembers.Volunteered over 22,000 hours and received numerous volunteer awards including volunteer of the quarter. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 1 endorsement for Accounting 1 Accounting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 1 endorsement for Financial Accounting 1 Financial Accounting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Deborah has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Spreadsheets Business English Business Math Business Tax Reporting Business and Professional Communication College Algebra Computerized Accounting Applications Cooperative Education -- Accounting Federal Income Tax -- Individual File/PC Management for Windows Deborah has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Notary Public -- State of Texas Interests Craven Community College 4,388 followers San Antonio College 37,636 followers Administrative Assistant Office Professionals (All Levels) 255,499 members Bookkeepers Club 77,575 members San Antonio Food Bank 1,080 followers Northside ISD 7,547 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rick has a account Rick Krolak Owner, The Clarion Group The Clarion Group The Ohio State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name The Clarion Group Education The Ohio State University Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Scot Pekarek Broker Realtor October 13, 2008, Scot was a client of Rick’s Rick has been my accountant for 5 years and has done a great job. Friendly, knowledgeable service! Highly recommended! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Ohio State University 378,149 followers The Ohio State University 362,525 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O' Sullivan Audit Trainee at BDO Ireland BDO Ireland University of Limerick Ireland 308 308 connections Send InMail I graduated from the University of Limerick with an Honors degree in Business Studies-majoring in accounting and finance in August 2013. I have since competed a one year full time postgraduate course in the University of Limerick in Taxation, which commenced in September 2013. I expect to graduate in Janurary 2015 I have just completed research on 'The attitudes of third level graduates and the feasibility of introducing an Income Contingent Loan System in Ireland' as part of my thesis. Currently, I am engaged in a training contract by BDO in their personal client department, which primarily deals with audit and tax issues. I served as club treasurer for the law society in the University of Limerick from May 2013-December 2013. I successfully completed a term of employment in the University of Limerick for the academic year 2013/2014, as a teaching assistant for a third year tax module, "Taxation Theory and Practices". The term employment commenced in September 2013 and ceased in December 2013. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Patrick’s Activity 308 followers Hedgeserv are hiring! Patrick liked I am honoured to be representing Kilkenny in the Miss Ireland final in October. I hope to do Kilkenny, and myself proud. Patrick liked See all activity Experience Audit Trainee Company Name BDO Ireland Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Limerick, Ireland My responsibilities include:Accounts preparation Verifying the validity of the content of clients accounts.Ensuring the accounts are free from any material misstatements.Effectively communicating and reporting to my senior/manager on a timely basis.Investigating clients queries and effectively reporting to them in a timely efficient manor. Postgraduate Student-Masters of Taxation Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Limerick, Ireland The postgraduate masters of Taxation is a new programme, which was introduced to the University of Limerick in 2012. I am a member of the second cohort of the masters of tax and I expect to graduate in Janurary 2015.The programme is closely linked with the "Irish Tax Institute". Upon completion of the course and with the required grades obtained, I will gain full exemptions from part one and part two exams of the "AITA" exams. It will take one year after completion of this programme to complete the part three exams, before qualifying as a tax consultant. The programme provides a comprehensive and in-depth knowledge of personal, indirect, corporation and international taxes. Also, there is a governance module aimed to increase the understanding and importance of good governance and it's role in corporate and financial transparency, within an organisation. As well as that there is a professional development module, which distinguishes the course from others. This module provides relevant information in relation to personal development and prepares graduates for challenges in project work and work life. Undergraduate Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Limerick, Ireland Last semester, I taught a third year module "Taxation Theory and Practices" to the Business Studies undergraduates. The module consisted of an introduction to the rules and treatment of personal income taxes for both self-employed and employed persons.My responsibilities involved:Effectively transferring knowledge to the undergraduates in a simple, but effectively manor.Preparing and presenting the information on microsoft powerpoint.Assisting with any queries the students may have in relation to the content covered.Managing my time so that all material assigned for the tutorial was covered sufficiently. Student Business Studies Accounting and Finance Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Limerick, Ireland Gained a diverse, challenging and rewarding experience in five main business areas including, Accounting and Finance, Economics, Risk Management and Insurance, HR and Marketing. Gained invaluable work experience with a "Big 4" accounting firm in Ireland. Intern Auditor Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Kilkenny I successfully secured employment with PwC for an eight month work placement, during my undergraduate degree. I spent one week training in the head office in Dublin, before being deployed to the Kilkenny office where I completed the remainder of my contract.While employed with the firm I gained an invaluable learning experience, including travelling abroad, dealing with clients and undertaking substantive analytical testing to verify accuracy and completeness of accounts.My main duties included:Performing call over procedure's on the final draft of the annual report, to ensure no material mistake was present.Preparing confirmation letters and document and organize each confirmation letter as they were returned.Performing substantive analytical analysis on the financial statements, to ensure completeness and accuracy.Perform stock counts and document the results. See more positions Education University of Limerick Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Currently a member of the University of Limerick Law society. I am the current Treasurer of the law society. The programme is closely linked with the "Irish Tax Institute". Upon completion of the course and with the required grades obtained, I will gain full exemptions from part one and part two exams of the "AITA" exams. It will take one year after completion of this programme to complete the part three exams, before qualifying as a tax consultant. The programme provides a comprehensive and in-depth knowledge of personal, indirect, corporation and international taxes. Also, there is a governance module aimed to increase the understanding and importance of good governance and it's role in corporate and financial transparency, within an organisation. University of Limerick Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: I joined the law society in May 2013, when I was voted as club treasurer. My duties involved: Maintaining proper books and accounts of receipts and payments made by the society. Preparing a budget for the Law Society. Participated in the recruitment drives for new members. This four year undergraduate course provides a comprehensive set of modules, which allows students to gain knowledge and skills in all aspects of business functions, before allowing students to chose one specific area to study. Such modules include Accounting, Risk management, economics, HR and Marketing.The programme also offers a compulsory eight month work placement, during the third year of studies, which allows students to gain practical experience in a work place environment. Claoiste Phadraig, Castleisland Degree Name Leaving Certificate Field Of Study Honours Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Participated and coordinated a "School Sports Day". My principle responsibilities were as follows: Coordinating and time managing events. Organizing and controlling a "shop". Responsible for maintaining proper books and accounts of both receipts and payments. Managed stock levels for the day. Organize prizes on the day Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 30 endorsements for Accounting 30 Accounting Endorsed by 10 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 26 endorsements for Auditing 26 Auditing Endorsed by 9 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 25 endorsements for Financial Accounting 25 Financial Accounting Endorsed by 8 of Patrick’s colleagues at University of Limerick Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Basic French German Irish Patrick has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and Finance Taxation Interests Students and Recent Grads 127,770 members Emerald Accounting & Finance 2,380 members University of Limerick 54,550 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,831 followers Don TapscottDon Tapscott is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO The Tapscott Group 512,415 followers Bloomberg Ireland 550 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Mansour Accountant at Mansour Associates Mansour Associates Kidman Park, South Australia, Australia 101 101 connections Send InMail Tax Accountant & Business Advisor Highlights Experience Accountant Company Name Mansour Associates Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Grange Road, Flinders Park Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 3 endorsements for Management 3 Management Tanya Ewer and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 2 endorsements for Tax 2 Tax Ken Lodge and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 2 Microsoft Excel Ken Lodge and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Laura has a account Laura Martinez CPA in progress/ Tax and Accountant Supervisor/International Accountant Mann Eye Institute The University of New Mexico Houston, Texas Area 288 288 connections Send InMail INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTANT/ TAX AND ACCOUNTING SUPERVISOR/ CPA ELIGIBLE Accomplished international CPA with broad and domestic experience in all aspects of accounting, tax, auditing and financial management. Demonstrated hands-on experience in the development of high impact strategies and implementation of innovation process for client’s business. Ability to manage multiple assignments efficiently under extreme time pressures while meeting tight deadline schedules. Flexible, resourceful and out-of-the-box thinker. Cross-culturally sensitive, able to provide proven leadership and motivation to in-house teams. Effective communicator, including native fluency in Spanish and Portuguese. AREAS OF EXPERTISE: General Accounting Public Accounting Organizational Re-Engineering Finance Management/Analysis Budget Preparation/Administration Cash Management Planning/Scheduling Due Diligence/Auditing Corporate and Individual Tax Foreign Exchange/Settlement Accounts Merger and Acquisitions Implementation of Accounting software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Accountant Company Name Mann Eye Institute Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston y alrededores, Texas, Estados Unidos Performed accounting functions and prepared financial statements and supported schedules according to monthly closing process. Analyzed FS on a monthly bases and report on variances. Assisted with external audits. Facilitated and completed monthly close procedures. Designed and reviewed documentation of internal controls. Prepared Tax returns and corporate reports for management. International Accountant - Contractor Company Name FMC Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area International AccountantPerformed international accounting functions for various entities including forecasting, budgeting, analysis, AR, Inventory analysis, AP and Cash. Responsible for monthly, quarterly and annual reporting requirements with Hyperion. Balance sheet accounts reconciliations on a monthly basis to ensure international compliance. Assist in the development, review and implementation of key processes, policies and procedures related to finance. Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Schlumberger Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Houston y alrededores, Texas, Estados Unidos Responsible for the preparation of analysis, statutory accounts and tax returns for a group of countries. Tax reports for management on monthly, quarterly and yearly basis including tax provisions models and balance sheet notes. Tax forecast and local statutory accounts. Ensured compliance within filing deadlines. Prepared legal accounts in accordance with local and country regulations. Assisted on tax audits as per requirements. . Worked on tax migration process to implement in the US. Governmental Senior Auditor and Tax Accountant Company Name Griego Professional Services Dates Employed May 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Albuquerque, New Mexico Area Conducted external Audits and other engagements for governmental and public entities. Federal and State compliance audits, and agreed-upon procedures. Propose adjusting journal entries and discussed audit findings. Identified and communicate accounting and auditing matters to clients and managers. Prepared Corporate and individual federal and state compliance Tax returns. Accounting and Tax Department Consultant Company Name Perales-Aguiar SA Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Buenos Aires, Argentina Recruited to turn-around the financial management and accounting operations of a middle size construction company with six subsidiaries. Challenged to lead a team of non-accounting people in conceiving, developing and revamping the existing but flawed budget, accounting and taxation system, including financial statement preparation and tax filing for all subsidiaries and parent company. Supervised, lead and supported staff of 5. Led, trained and organized the implantation of new ERP software. See more positions Education The University of New Mexico Degree Name English Field Of Study English Language and Literature, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Activities and Societies: New México CPA Universidad Nacional de Misiones Degree Name Contadora Pública Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2001 CPA Featured Skills & Endorsements Budgets See 3 endorsements for Budgets 3 Budgets Marco Marini and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills English See 2 endorsements for English 2 English Murad Alnajjar and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 2 endorsements for Leadership 2 Leadership Marco Marini and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Eliana Morales Director of Recruiting- Temporary Services at Align Strategic Partners February 29, 2016, Laura was a client of Eliana’s Eliana was really great to work with. From the start she was able to target my skills to the right opportunities and followed up completion in a shortest possible time frame while also providing constant feedback and advice. Thank you for your hard work. I will highly recommend Eliana to anyone looking for a recruiter to help find them a new job. Accomplishments Laura has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portugués Laura has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests RailWorks Corporation 10,486 followers Murray Resources 11,390 followers Exterran 62,919 followers Progressive GE 54,912 followers The Virtual Bench 2,742 followers Tax and Financial Planning 20 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexandra has a account Alexandra Herrera Tax Accountant at Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Golden Gate University Los Angeles, California 78 78 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Law See 6 endorsements for Tax Law 6 Tax Law Endorsed by Charles Rettig, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Research See 3 endorsements for Tax Research 3 Tax Research Natalie Asghari and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills IRS See 3 endorsements for IRS 3 IRS Endorsed by Charles Rettig, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hochman, Salkin, Rettig, Toscher & Perez, P.C. 79 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers International Taxation Network 5,888 members TaxConnections-Success Strategies 1,375 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,458,181 followers Golden Gate University Master of Taxation 1,914 members See all See all following
More Actions Marie has a account Marie Webb Income Tax Supervisor - Fixed Assets at Energy Transfer Energy Transfer BA, MTA, CPA San Antonio, Texas Area 144 144 connections Send InMail Extensive federal and state income/franchise tax experience including compliance and audit functions in large corporate tax departments. Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, CCH and RIA research tools, Insource/OneSource and CorpTax tax software systems, and SAP and Lawson general ledger systems. Experienced in transitioning tax filings due to mergers and acquisitions. Specialties: Demonstrated ability in identifying issues and researching, recommending, implementing and following through with applicable solutions. High level of organizational and project management skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Income Tax Supervisor - Fixed Assets Company Name Energy Transfer Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area Sr. Tax Accountant Company Name Energy Transfer Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area Field Consultant Company Name Accretive Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area Owner Company Name Marie Webb, CPA Dates Employed May 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Provide as-needed accounting and tax services to clients. Tax Accountant Company Name Barrett Cooper & Associates PC Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Prepare individual tax returns; assist staff in resolving miscellaneous issues relating to preparation of tax returns. See more positions Education BA, MTA, CPA The University of Texas at San Antonio Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Tax Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 12 endorsements for Accounting 12 Accounting Endorsed by Patrick Furlong and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marie’s colleagues at Valero Energy Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 11 endorsements for Tax 11 Tax Endorsed by Jeff Burns, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marie’s colleagues at Valero Energy Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 9 endorsements for Auditing 9 Auditing Endorsed by Patrick Furlong, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Marie’s colleagues at Valero Energy Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Scott Ewing Managing Director at Deloitte Tax LLP May 13, 2010, Scott worked with Marie but at different companies Marie is a terrific professional and very detail oriented, while never losing sight of the big picture. Marie is very well-liked by her colleagues and is marvelous to deal with on all levels. I highly recommend her. E. Scott Ewing hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Texas at San Antonio 93,191 followers Institute of Management Accountants – Austin Area Chapter 306 members San Antonio Chapter of the IMA 204 members SAP: An Unofficial Sales Tax Support Group 1,183 members Tax Executives/Professionals 5,886 members Friends of Valero 3,131 members See all See all following
More Actions Rick has a account Rick Krolak Owner, The Clarion Group The Clarion Group The Ohio State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name The Clarion Group Education The Ohio State University Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Scot Pekarek Broker Realtor October 13, 2008, Scot was a client of Rick’s Rick has been my accountant for 5 years and has done a great job. Friendly, knowledgeable service! Highly recommended! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Ohio State University 362,526 followers The Ohio State University 378,149 followers
More Actions Deborah has a account Deborah Dye Administrative Assistant at San Antonio College San Antonio College (SAC) San Antonio College San Antonio, Texas Area 65 65 connections Send InMail As a recent college graduate, I am passionate about bookkeeping and I have a drive to excel in any business industry. I hope to find the opportunity to use my education and share my knowledge to others. I have extensive office and leadership experience building effective teams that work efficiently in a rapidly changing business environment. I am known for my hands-on, action-oriented, thought-provoking management style, and I am looking to bring my expertise into an environment that has a high regard for its human capital. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Administrative Assistant Company Name San Antonio College (SAC) Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area • Performed full administrative duties that included meeting and greeting visitors, receiving and responding to correspondence; organized and expedited flow of work through office and initiated any follow-up actions.• Responded to questions from students, faculty, and visitors.• Scheduled appointments and coordinated arrangements for meetings and conferences; maintained calendars, web pages, travel documents, and social media sites.• Monitored department budget and processed various forms.• Produced reports and documents as directed. Administrative Assistant 3 Company Name Southeastern Louisiana University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area • Purchased all supplies and equipment for the Baton Rouge Center including the nursing skills lab.• Maintained and managed three different department budgets.• Managed office supplies, vendors, and department upkeep.• Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meetings and travel calendars, including business and social events.• Typed and processed all hiring proposals for faculty and graduate assistants.• Department timekeeper for 10 employees and graduate assistants.• Audited graduating senior’s classes and grades to determine graduation requirements.• Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.• Made all travel arrangements and processed travel expenses and reimbursements. Academy Coordinator Company Name Swift Transportation Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location San Antonio, Texas Area • Maintained accurate and complete student records as required by state and federal laws.• Registered all new and returning students for classes.• Maintained accurate and complete records for 50 classes every calendar year.• Facilitated organized record retrieval and access for both in-house and discharged students.• Served as the main liaison between students, management and recruiters.• Data entry for all grades, drug screen results, and physical exam results.• Audited hotel and Greyhound bills in a timely matter.• Coordinated with the Academy Manager and the Road/Range Supervisor to address discipline issues. Secretary/Bookkeeper Company Name Habitat for Humanity of Greater New Bern, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 1998 – May 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New Bern, NC • Accounts Receivables; Accounts Payable; Payroll; bank reconciliation; and daily bank deposits.• Accounted for all moneys spent on each Habitat house.• Determined mortgage payment to homeowners and paid all escrow payments.• Tracked new homeowners sweat equity hours.• Responsible for quarterly newsletters and for its bulk mailing.• Administrative duties; typed reports and grant documents; answered phones, dealt with walk-in customers. Education San Antonio College Degree Name Associate's degree (December 2015) Field Of Study Accounting Technology Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Student Leadership Institute -- Tier 2 scholar Graduated May 2015 -- Accounting Technician -- Level 1 Certificate – Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0Accounting Computer Applications, Marketable Skills Certificate – San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0Graduated December 2015 -- Accounting Technology -- A.A.S. -- Distinguished Graduate -- Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0 Office Technician -- Level 1 Certificate -- Presidential Honors -- San Antonio College, San Antonio, Texas GPA 4.0 Craven Community College Degree Name Associate's degree Field Of Study General Office Technology Grade 3.571 Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Took classes in office management, computers, and accounting. Volunteer Experience Office Help Company Name San Antonio Food Bank Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Produced paperwork to go with the summer food program sites and counted total number of participants in the WIC program by different categories over an extended period of time; processed and separated frozen foods into categories. Volunteer Caseworker / Chairman of Layettes / Layette worker Company Name Navy-Marine Corps Relief Society Dates volunteered Aug 1983 – Dec 1998 Volunteer duration 15 yrs 5 mos Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Determined servicemembers need for financial assistance, prepared in-depth budgets, granted financial assistance, assembled layettes for servicemembers, purchased supplied to be included in the layettes, budgeted the amount of items to be placed in the layettes, and knit and crocheted layettes for the servicemembers.Volunteered over 22,000 hours and received numerous volunteer awards including volunteer of the quarter. Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 1 endorsement for Accounting 1 Accounting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 1 endorsement for Financial Accounting 1 Financial Accounting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Kaila Pacheco has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Deborah has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Spreadsheets Business English Business Math Business Tax Reporting Business and Professional Communication College Algebra Computerized Accounting Applications Cooperative Education -- Accounting Federal Income Tax -- Individual File/PC Management for Windows Deborah has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Notary Public -- State of Texas Interests Southeastern Louisiana University 37,674 followers Bookkeepers Club 77,575 members Craven Community College 4,388 followers San Antonio Food Bank 1,080 followers San Antonio College 37,636 followers Louisiana State University 177,837 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan M. has a account Ryan M. Svoboda Tax Partner at BDO USA, LLP BDO USA, LLP University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business San Francisco Bay Area 448 448 connections Send InMail Tax professional and CPA focused on high net worth individuals, families and privately held businesses. I work with dynamic, motivated clients who are acquiring, or have acquired, wealth. I am a Tax Partner at BDO in the PCS group where we work with individuals and families and everything they touch – from privately-held businesses, trusts and foundations to stock options, RSU’s and equity grants to real estate, investment partnerships and special purpose entities. I can be reached by phone at 415.490.3352 or email at rmsvoboda@bdo.com. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: I have over fifteen years of experience in public accounting working with individuals, privately-held businesses and their owners to handle all aspects of their tax compliance needs, design and implement income and estate tax plans and provide a broad array of consultative services to both families and businesses. Beyond my tax and consulting background, I served over five years as the Managing Partner and Chair of the Executive Committee for a predecessor firm and I have also held both CFO and COO positions. I also designed and taught a course in the graduate program at St. Mary's College titled Taxes and Business Strategy. I am both a CPA and CGMA and previously held a CVA license to provide formal opinions of value for businesses. My educational background contains a BS in Accounting with a Minor in Economics from the University of Oregon and an MS in Taxation from Golden Gate University. From a philanthropic perspective I have served on numerous non-profit and civic boards. I was also a Vistage Chief Executive (CE) member for five years and I have had articles published in various publications including the Tax Advisor. PERSONAL: My life outside the profession centers on my wife and son. I am an avid golfer, well disguised by my high handicap and will take any chance I have to spend time on the beach in Puerto Vallarta or re-energizing at Crescent Lake in central Oregon. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ryan M.’s Articles 449 followers Tax Pains of Pro Athletes Ryan M. Svoboda on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 8, 2016 See 1 more article The $1 Million+ Income Club Ryan M. Svoboda on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 24, 2016 Experience Tax Partner Company Name BDO USA, LLP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Tax professional and CPA focused on high net worth individuals, families and privately held businesses. I work with dynamic, motivated clients who are acquiring, or have acquired, wealth. I am a Tax Partner at BDO in the PCS group where we work with individuals and families and everything they touch – from privately-held businesses, trusts and foundations to stock options, RSU’s and equity grants to real estate, investment partnerships and special purpose entities.I can be reached by phone at 415.490.3352 or email at rmsvoboda@bdo.com.PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: I have over fifteen years of experience in public accounting working with individuals, privately-held businesses and their owners to handle all aspects of their tax compliance needs, design and implement income and estate tax plans and provide a broad array of consultative services to both families and businesses. Beyond my tax and consulting background, I served over five years as the Managing Partner and Chair of the Executive Committee for a predecessor firm and I have also held both CFO and COO positions. I also designed and taught a course in the graduate program at St. Mary's College titled Taxes and Business Strategy. I am both a CPA and CGMA and previously held a CVA license to provide formal opinions of value for businesses. My educational background contains a BS in Accounting with a Minor in Economics from the University of Oregon and an MS in Taxation from Golden Gate University. From a philanthropic perspective I have served on numerous non-profit and civic boards. I was also a Vistage Chief Executive (CE) member for five years and I have had articles published in various publications including the Tax Advisor.PERSONAL: My life outside the profession centers on my wife and son. I am an avid golfer, well disguised by my high handicap and will take any chance I have to spend time on the beach in Puerto Vallarta or re-energizing at Crescent Lake in central Oregon. Tax Director Company Name Shea Labagh Dobberstein Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Francisco Tax, consulting and financial advice to individuals, families and businesses. Instructor; Graduate Accounting Program; Tax Planning Course Company Name St. Mary's College; School of Economics & Business Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Moraga, CA Instructor at St. Mary's College in the graduate accounting program. I teach Taxes and Business Strategy. Chief Operating Officer Company Name Keating Consulting Group Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Silicon Valley, San Francisco, Lafayette Chief Financial Officer Company Name Discovia (formerly SFL Data) Dates Employed May 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco, California SFL Data is an eDiscovery company engaged by law firms and corporations to collect, search, host and manage electronically stored information. We provide an outsourced eDiscovery service using best of breed software, top tier talent and proprietary processes to achieve two primary goals for our clients: 1) win the litigation in which they are involved and, 2) do so at significant savings. We are a team dedicated to leading the eDiscovery world to a much more transparent and proactive space giving our clients a significant edge. Our secret sauce is the coupling of this shared team dedication and our relentless focus on execution, accuracy and high client praise.Our company is a leader in the e-discovery industry. We were the first to create and deliver a fixed fee, managed service and we launched it with a Fortune 50 company. Our corporate clients are household names. Our law firm clients are AmLaw 250 firms that know the breadth and ability of SFL Data. We have grown at a compound annual rate of over 35% for the last 5 years and we are making significant investments in people, process and equipment with an aggressive geographic expansion plan already underway. See more positions Education University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business Degree Name BS in Accounting, Minor in Economics Field Of Study Accounting, Tax, Economics and Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Golden Gate University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Board Member; Investing & Finance Committee Company Name YMCA of the Central Bay Area (formerly known as the Berkeley-Albany YMCA) Dates volunteered Jun 2012 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements CPA See 14 endorsements for CPA 14 CPA Heidi Brooks and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Accounting See 13 endorsements for Tax Accounting 13 Tax Accounting Endorsed by 4 of Ryan M.’s colleagues at DZH Phillips LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 11 endorsements for Financial Reporting 11 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Larisa Rapoport, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ryan M.’s colleagues at DZH Phillips LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (5) Neil Kreuzberger Owner, Kreuzberger | Associates July 11, 2012, Neil worked with Ryan M. but at different companies “Ryan combines a strong professional services background steeped in client service with a refreshingly innovative and creative complement of leadership skills. He is a smart CEO with a deliberate style who understands the complexity of the changing professional services world and, in his role as Managing Partner, he is mapping an effective strategy to meet the same. Our firms have collaborated on a number of projects and I have had the privilege of working with Ryan directly.” Neil Kreuzberger, President, Kreuzberger|Associates. Lisa Rissetto President at G. Hensler & Co./ 49Square Miles July 11, 2012, Lisa was a client of Ryan M.’s Ryan is an exceptional strategist and creative thinker, adept at viewing situations from multiple angles, a rare find in the world of accounting. His integrity, intelligence, deep knowledge, and commitment to his clients are evident in everything he does. Ryan represents the modern archetype for the accounting industry, going beyond number crunching and touching every area of a business in order to maximize profitability. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Maria Struve Accountant, Blogger and E-commerce Consultant April 15, 2014, Ryan M. was senior to Maria but didn’t manage directly It is not often to find an accountant with the five traits of an excellent professional in the industry: deep knowledge in accounting, understands the big picture of a business, attacks challenges with vigor, thinks creatively and outside the accounting paradigm and has a fantastic bedside manner with clients. Maria is, without a doubt, such an accountant and she excels at all five. Clients consistently went out of their way to praise her work. Maria, come work with me! Mark Lusnar, PhD Adjunct Professor at Dominican University of California April 15, 2014, Ryan M. was a client of Mark’s Mark is excellent. He dives in, engages and understands complex issues and situations very quickly and is then able to develop real solutions and work with you to ensure buy-in and execution. Very personable and able to earn individual and team trust rapidly and he holds that trust with availability, follow-thru and a genuine drive to help you and your organization elevate its game. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ryan M. has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Business Valuation & Certification Corporate Reorganizations and Transactions Leadership & Management Partnerships and Partners Property Transactions Ryan M. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Global Management Accountant (CGMA) Interests University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business 11,906 followers Golden Gate University 7,855 members Golden Gate University 40,150 followers University of Oregon - Lundquist Alumni Network 2,450 members YMCA of the Central Bay Area 1,243 followers Golden Gate University 42,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Linda has a account Linda Gambardella, MBA Tax Accountant & Licensed Real Estate Broker Linda Gambardella, Licensed Real Estate Broker Saint Thomas Aquinas College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I specialize in tax problems and provide tax services such as offer in compromise and payment options. I am proficient in tax preparation and tax issues in 22 states. As a former member of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel I was able to help bring about some changes for the best interest of the taxpayer. My goals are to continue helping tax problem clients. As a Licensed Real Estate Broker, I assist potential buyers on affordability of purchasing and enough knowledge of mortgages to assist my clients in gaining the best rates and mortgage providers. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Linda’s Activity 851 followers Don’s photo Linda commented When you realize what you are capable of the possibilities are endless. www.joethefitpro.com Linda liked Don’s photo Linda liked Thomas R.’s photo Linda liked Don’s photo Linda commented See all activity Experience Owner/Broker Company Name Linda Gambardella, Licensed Real Estate Broker Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Suffern, NY Sales and rentals of Residential and Commercial Real Estate including Property Management Tax Accountant Company Name Linda Gambardella, MBA, Tax Accountant Dates Employed May 1994 – Present Employment Duration 23 yrs 2 mos Location Suffern, New York Tax Accountant Specializing in Tax problemsMember of The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel 12/08 - 2011 Broker/Owner Company Name Top Team Realty Corp. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Suffern, NY Sales and rentals of Commercial and Residential Real Estate President Company Name Suffern Income Tax & Accountuing Services, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 1997 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Suffern, New York President of medium sized accounting firm specialzing in tax problems as well as general accounting and taxation. Education Saint Thomas Aquinas College Degree Name BS, & MBA Field Of Study Accounting, MBA in finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Inducted into Delta Mu Delta National Business Honor Society 1995 Volunteer Experience Area Chair Company Name Taxpayer Advococy Panel Dates volunteered Dec 2008 – Nov 2011 Volunteer duration 3 yrs I worked with a group of people from all over the country to improve the IRS and suggest changes mede in the best interest of the taxpayer. Board Member Company Name Association for the Visually Impared Dates volunteered Nov 2013 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Health Board Member for the Association of the Visually impared Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 101 endorsements for Tax Preparation 99+ Tax Preparation Endorsed by Evan Golar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 79 endorsements for Tax 79 Tax Endorsed by Evan Golar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 67 endorsements for Accounting 67 Accounting Blake Reed and 66 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Marcello Russodivito Chef Owner at Marcello's restaurant December 19, 2011, Linda was a client of Marcello’s Marchello gives his customers great food and personal attention by him and his staff. It is always a pleasure to have lunch or dinner at his restaurant. Accomplishments Linda has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations National Society of Tax Professionals Ramapo Italian Twinning Committee Interests Tax Accounting Provider A&M NETWORK 19,243 members National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) 19,871 members Realtors , Bankers , Lawyers. Title Co Referral Group 7,400 members National Society of Accountants 10,129 members My1stAgent 11,688 members Tax Technical Discussion Forum 17,841 members See all See all following
More Actions Rio has a account Rio Gregory Senior Managing Partner, Fulcrum Tax Group Fulcrum Tax Group Scottsdale, Arizona 116 116 connections Send InMail Fulcrum Tax Group is a national Tax Preparation and Representation firm serving clients in all facets of their tax needs. From tax return preparation, to audit representation, to tax issues resolutions. With 32 offices in 16 states, our national talent pool has over 250 years of combined experience to bring you the best tax preparation and representation team! From CPA’s, Tax Attorney’s, Enrolled Agents, and subject matter experts specializing in wide array of industries that understand the tax implications that affect you. Whether a simple letter or a full blown audit, we have the resources to minimize the tax burden of any situation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Fulcrum Tax Group Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 10 endorsements for Tax Preparation 10 Tax Preparation Michael Gluszczak and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 10 endorsements for Tax 10 Tax Lezlee Hodge, MBA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 8 endorsements for Auditing 8 Auditing Chad Higgins and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rio has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Mindjet 8,605 followers
More Actions Gloria Yang, has a account Gloria Yang, CPA Tax Accountant at Lincoln Financial Group West Pharmaceutical Services The George Washington University - School of Business Greater Philadelphia Area 242 242 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Analyst Company Name West Pharmaceutical Services Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Tax Accountant Company Name Lincoln Financial Group Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Radnor, PA Senior Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Federal Tax - Financial Services - Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), Private Equity Lecturer Company Name University of Michigan Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Education The George Washington University - School of Business Degree Name Master Field Of Study accountancy Activities and Societies: Vice President: Master of Accountancy Student Association (MASA) Indiana University Bloomington Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 1 endorsement for Tax 1 Tax Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 1 endorsement for Financial Analysis 1 Financial Analysis Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gloria Yang, has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Gloria Yang, has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Gloria Yang, has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The Ultimate Word List - Mandarin: 4400 Most Commonly Used Characters (Mandarin Chinese Edition) Interests The George Washington University - School of Business 53,413 followers West Pharmaceutical Services 14,962 followers KPMG US 455,543 followers KPMG 595,543 followers Virginia Society of Certified Public Accountants 6,142 members CFP Professionals 5,509 members See all See all following
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Riggs Owner, Riggs & Associates, Inc Riggs & Associates, CPA St. Cloud State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 496 496 connections Send InMail Extensive experience in public accounting and private industry, now specializing in helping small businesses with their accounting and tax needs. I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) Specialties: Accounting and Tax return preparation for companies and individuals Field examination services for banks and commercial lenders Fraud examination services for attorneys and CEO's Accounting services (using Quickbooks) Business valuation services for business owners planning to sell their business or buy a business See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Riggs & Associates, CPA Dates Employed Mar 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 4 mos Accounting and tax services for small businesses and their owners; Field examination services for banks and other commercial lenders; Fraud investigations for attorneys of privately held businesses; Business valuation services Owner Company Name Hypointe Travel Service Dates Employed 1996 – 2009 Employment Duration 13 yrs My responsibilities include planning vacations for individuals and trips for groups. My extensive travel while working in corporate America is a real advantage because in many cases - I've been there! Vice President of Private Placements Company Name Washington Square Capital, Inc Dates Employed Jan 1995 – Mar 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Served as an account officer responsible for administering approximately 12 problem loans totaling $35 million and four revolving credit accounts with lines of credit of approximately $20 million. Prepared write-ups and recommendations for investment committee approval regarding sales, modification, or restructures of problem loans. Prepared cash flow assessments and financial analysis of clients. Oversaw the budget center for commercial loans including strategic planning, annual budgets, and quarterly reforecasts. Performed field examinations and other monitoring procedures. Highlights included:Reduced problem loans by $14 million or 23% during 1995Negotiated the extension of a forbearance agreement with one borrower which resulted in additional monthly amortization and stabilized a tenuous situation between the lender and borrower.Negotiated the restructure of a loan which required the borrower to start making monthly payments to fully amortize the loan over a reduced time frame.Assisted one borrower in implementing a cash flow projection model on a contract-by-contract basis, resulting in improved margins from price quotes to actual results and borrower making regular monthly principal payments. Vice President Company Name ING Dates Employed Apr 1987 – Jan 1996 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Managed the Field Examination department for the Commercial Loan Department Vice President of Operations Company Name Washington Square Financial (a division of Washington Square Capital, Inc Dates Employed Jan 1987 – Jan 1995 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Prepared the annual budget for division and quarterly reforecasts. Assisted in developing and writing the strategic plans and business plans. Prepared three-year financial projections, month-end accruals, variance analysis, preliminary credit reviews of potential loan clients. Managed and supervised field examinations, new business surveys and due diligence work. Participated on the Credit Committee at the Division level. Conducted presentations to the Investment Committee. Recruited, hired and trained field examination staff and operations management staff.Led Division to annual profits (annualized ROE in excess of 20%)Performed litigation support services for attorneys representing DivisionDealt effectively with maintaining the schedule of field examinations and monitoring problem loans during a four-year period of downsizing and expense reduction. See more positions Education St. Cloud State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Business Administration, Accounting Major Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 47 endorsements for Small Business 47 Small Business Endorsed by Ryan Zakariasen and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 42 endorsements for Financial Analysis 42 Financial Analysis Phorn Chhang and 41 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cash Flow See 30 endorsements for Cash Flow 30 Cash Flow Phorn Chhang and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Knebl, CMEC Int'l Speaker/Author ✯ Social Selling & Relationship Mktg Specialist ✯ Joie de Vivre Coach™ ✯ 1895+ Rec August 6, 2015, Bob was a client of Kevin’s Kevin is an outstanding speaker and so knowledgeable. I learned a lot from his webinar and would highly recommend him to my colleagues and friends. Ted Halone Hair and Wig Master Stylist at Ted @ Salon Concepts. Edina MN July 5, 2011, Bob was a client of Ted’s Ted is very good at what he does and I have been very satisfied with the results! That's why I keep using his services.I highly recommend him! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests AppleOne Employment Services 83,329 followers Kai Fu LeeKai Fu Lee is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at 创新工场 Sinovation Ventures 424,380 followers Five Star Wealth Managers 2,631 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,458,188 followers St. Cloud State University 65,072 followers Commercial Finance Association - CFA 13,645 members See all See all following
More Actions CAROLINA has a account CAROLINA GERENA SALAS Accountant / Contadora Publica SA & GE CONSULTORES ACCA Singapore 218 218 connections Send InMail Accountant from Externado de Colombia University,and Tax Specialist from Los Andes University. I have more than five years of experience as a tax - accountant assistant and over 3 years as a tax accountant.I have professional experience advising more than fifteen companies, including startups and medium size businesses affiliated with different fields of the economy, specifically in the commercial and service sector . My experience has given me teamwork,communication, planning, organizational and analytical skills, helping me to fulfill companies’ goals while supporting their teamsdeveloping and achieving professional growth. I have excellent interpersonal skills that would facilitate the communication with internal and external customers. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow CAROLINA’S Activity 218 followers The Finesse of TP Functional Analysis, 7 June 2017, Singapore CAROLINA liked See all activity Experience Account Consultant, Tax Consultant Company Name SA & GE CONSULTORES Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Colombia Accounting Services● Accounting and tax advice according to Colombian Standards. ● Preparing state and local tax returns focusing on small businesses and Income Tax Returns.● Handling all accounting and tax matters, including AP, AR, fixed assets, credit, GL, payroll, loans, payroll tax, responsible for cash flow. ● Closing books and preparing of Financial Statement monthly and yearly● Tax planning. ● Financial projections and budgets. ● Entering data and all transactions into companies’ accounts.● Business development, networking, and recommendation of financial actions. . ● Supervising a junior tax accountant and a bookkeeper.● Reviewing and preparing Withholding Tax, Value Added Tax, Industry and Commerce Tax. Tax Accountant Junior Company Name EBX Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Colombia ●Preparing tax according to Colombian Standards as Withholding Tax, Value Added Tax, Industry and Commerce Tax. ●Handling payroll and payroll tax●Tax planning. ●Preparing state and local tax returns focusing on small businesses and Income Tax Returns. Tax Accountant Junior Company Name Schlumberger Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Colombia ●Preparing tax according to Colombian Standards as Withholding Tax, Value Added Tax, Industry and Commerce Tax. ●Preparing the accounts according to ColombianSstandards. ●Tax planning. ●Budget tax. ●Financial projections. Tax Assistant Company Name KPMG en Colombia Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Colombia ●Preparing tax according to Colombian standards as Withholding Tax, Value Added Tax, Industry and Commerce Tax in Kimberly Clark Colombia Company. ●Preparing the accounts according to Colombian standards in Kimberly Clark Colombia Company. ●Closing books and preparing Financial Statement monthly and yearly. ●Handling customer inquiries about taxes and its different applications. Tour Guide Company Name SANDEMANs NEW Europe Tours Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom See more positions Education ACCA Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 I have completed the following papers of ACCA Certification F1 - F2 - F3 and F4. Universidad de Los Andes Degree Name Especialista en Tributación Field Of Study Derecho tributario Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Universidad Externado de Colombia Degree Name Contadora Pública Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 3 Microsoft Excel Putra Eddy and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Office 2 Microsoft Office Jorge Alzate and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 1 endorsement for Business Strategy 1 Business Strategy Aibet Caliman has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments CAROLINA has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Español CAROLINA has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Tax Update Course every year Interests PwC Singapore 24,612 followers KPMG Singapore 13,822 followers BDO LLP Singapore 4,173 followers EY 1,748,789 followers Hays 1,721,186 followers Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) 13,377 followers See all See all following
More Actions Walt has a account Walt Dallas Income Tax Planning, Business Succession Planning and Estate Tax Planning T. Walton Dallas, P.A. Southern Methodist University Flowood, Mississippi 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail We are passionate about helping clients save on income taxes. We believe that if clients can keep more of their income, they will be more productive helping everyone. Income tax rates have increased: with the top federal income tax rates at 39.60%. Add in an estimated 5% state tax and the rate is around 45%. Add the new payroll tax of 3.8% and the marginal rate is just under 50%. Proper estate planning is a must if you care for your family. Take the time to show them when you are not around. With the number of small businesses held by persons over the age of 60, there needs to be a great deal of business succession planning. We have proven methods to accomplish this. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name T. Walton Dallas, P.A. Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 3 mos Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Income tax planning, estate planning, estate tax planning, probate, corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies association representation, and insurance pooling for workers compensation. Partner Attorney Company Name Barnes, Broom, Dallas and McLeod, PLLC Dates Employed Apr 1995 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Estate Planning focusing on large estates; estate tax; income tax planning, probate, and transactional. Attorney Partner Company Name Crosthwait Terney Dates Employed Apr 1989 – Apr 1995 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Estate Planning; income tax planning, transactional, insurance pooling for workers compensation, and federal and local tax litigation. Attorney Company Name Dossett, Goode, Barnes and Broom Dates Employed Apr 1985 – Apr 1989 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Drafting of legal documents, representation of clients in court, and research income tax and estate tax issues. Tax Consultant Company Name Touche Ross Dates Employed Apr 1984 – Aug 1985 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Dallas, Texas Preparation of income tax returns for real estate partnerships; planning for income tax reduction for high income clients, tax research. Education Southern Methodist University Degree Name Masters of Laws in Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1984 Well rounded study of tax. University of Mississippi School of Law Degree Name Juris Doctor Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Moot Court Board Mississippi State University Degree Name BPA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Activities and Societies: Member of the All School Championship Team in Flag Football at Mississippi State University Kappa Alpha Fraternity; Student Senate, Member of Championship all school flag football team. Volunteer Experience Short Term Missionary Company Name Pear Orchard Presbeterian Church Dates volunteered Aug 2015 – Aug 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Added structure to a church in Trullio Peru for a week. Long hot days but wonderful church members and long term missionaries. The vacation Bible school we put on was special also and allowed us to get to know the children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Estate Planning See 116 endorsements for Estate Planning 99+ Estate Planning Endorsed by Scott Hamilton and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Trusts See 74 endorsements for Trusts 74 Trusts Endorsed by Gary Waitzman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law See 57 endorsements for Tax Law 57 Tax Law Chad Franks, CLF®, CLU®, ChFC®, LUTCF® and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (9) Gray Wiggers President and CEO at Goodwill Industries of Mississippi, Inc. Retired December 31, 2015 May 19, 2014, Gray was a client of Walt’s Walt has helped our family by providing trusted counsel with respect to our wills and other significant documents as well as research to make personal financial and legal decisions.Gray Wiggers Durr Boyles Principal/Owner at Boyles Moak, Insurance June 6, 2014, Walt was a client of Durr’s Durr has shown leadership in many areas. He has a management style that makes people want to work with him. Also he is one of the most knowledgeable persons in the insurance industry. Jim Faletti Retired President & Founder of Strategic Insights, Ltd May 19, 2014, Walt worked with Jim but at different companies Jim has such a kind manner to settle things own and get the discussions back on track. He has been able to get us focused and stay on point to accomplish important matters. I recommend Jim for strategic business planning. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Tax Directors 12,170 members TaxQueries.com - Your source for tax questions and answers. 7,029 members University of Mississippi School of Law 9,586 followers Southern Methodist University 93,821 followers Estate Planning 19,998 members Southern Methodist University 97,446 followers See all See all following
More Actions Barry has a account Barry Stein Owner at Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Queens College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I enhance my clients tax and business decisions by always making myself available to them. I follow up on ALL my clients as necessary and seek to assist them in the way(s) that they need me best. Specialties: I am involved in Personal tax as well as Business/Corporate Tax & Accounting work. I do have an expertise in small cap businesses. I am a proud member in good standing with the National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 6 mos Executive Director Company Name Passaic Torah Institute Dates Employed 2004 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 11 yrs Senior Accountant Company Name Weisberg, Mole, Krantz & Goldfarb, LLP Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Education Queens College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Activities and Societies: I was the President of the Council of Jewish Organizations (CJO), Student Senator, Business and Liberal Arts Honors Minor (BALA), Treasurer of The Quad (Student Newspaper), etc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 141 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 140 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 122 endorsements for Income Tax 99+ Income Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Carl A. Singer They have yet to build the box that I cannot think outside of! December 16, 2015, Carl A. was a client of Barry’s Barry is always there when I need a question answered. He is proactive throughout the year to make sure I'm on top of tax related matters. Jeffrey Grossman Accountant at Jewish Home Lifecare October 13, 2014, Jeffrey and Barry were students together Ex. Barry is very detailed-oriented and produced great results for the company... View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Shaya Jaffe Reading Specialist - Bible and Talmud at Passaic Torah Institute December 23, 2013, Barry was a client of Shaya’s It's a pleasure working with Rabbi Jaffe. It has made a world of difference in my son's learning and his self confidence. Bruce Sigman Owner at Julius A. Rose, Inc March 31, 2013, Barry was a client of Bruce’s Bruce is the best insurance agent I have ever had the pleasure of working with. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Barry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification IRS AFSP Compliant Barry has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) Interests Institute of Management Accountants (IMA®) Official Site 40,924 members Invesco US 56,810 followers National Society of Accountants 10,129 members Queens College - City University of New York 2,361 members Technical Accounting Questions 110,375 members The SHMUZ - Tiferes Bnei Torah (TBT) 657 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Lewis Certified Public Accountant Markwell & Lewis LLP University of Minnesota-Duluth Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 278 278 connections Send InMail Chris has over thirteen years of public accounting experience specializing in manufacturing and distribution, professional services, construction and real estate, retail companies, corporate taxation, personal taxation and not-for-profit organizations. His experiences give him a unique ability to think outside the box to assist clients in improving operational results. Chris provides service in a proactive manner, while educating clients as he meets their financial and accounting needs. Chris prides himself on putting clients ahead of firm and personal goals. He works on-site with clients to better serve, understand and deliver products with the highest quality. His intuitive vision and technological background are balanced by years of experience. Chris’ ability to listen to and understand your specific needs ensures a positive long-term relationship. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Markwell & Lewis LLP Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos We are a full service CPA firm located in the Twin Cities Metropolitan Area of Minnesota Manager Company Name HDL Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Education University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 35 endorsements for Accounting 35 Accounting Aaron Schoenecker and 34 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 18 endorsements for Small Business 18 Small Business Mark Carlson and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Mary Pauly and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Ken Graczak Loan Officer July 15, 2011, Chris was a client of Ken’s Chris builds tremendous value to all his clients. He goes above and beyond when dealing with business owners as it pertains to their accounting. He is an "out of the box" thinking accountant and enjoys helping small business find ways to save money throughout the year. If you are a small business owner I would HIGHLY suggest at least meeting with Chris! It could save you thousands... Jenn Urban Attorney for Nonprofits & Owner, Legal for Good PLLC September 10, 2012, Chris worked with Jenn but at different companies I have consulted with Jenn on a variety of Not-For-Profit Organization issues and she has always been very helpful and pointed me in the right direction. I have referred her to clients of mine and she has done an excellent job servicing them. Jenn is a great resource for my firm and clients!! Tom Scott Real Estate Agent & Associate Broker August 22, 2012, Chris worked with Tom but at different companies I am a CPA and when my clients tell me they are thinking of moving, Tom Scott is the first Realtor we call. All of the people I have recommended to Tom have come back to me to tell me how great it was having Tom as their Realtor. His service and professionalism are unmatched, if you’re changing homes be sure to call Tom! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests University of Minnesota Duluth 61,555 followers Finance/Accounting Consultants Group 56,750 members Institute of Management Accountants (IMA®) Official Site 40,924 members AccountPro, LLC 7 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,161 followers Markwell & Lewis LLP 11 followers See all See all following
More Actions Linda has a account Linda Gambardella, MBA Tax Accountant & Licensed Real Estate Broker Linda Gambardella, Licensed Real Estate Broker Saint Thomas Aquinas College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I specialize in tax problems and provide tax services such as offer in compromise and payment options. I am proficient in tax preparation and tax issues in 22 states. As a former member of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel I was able to help bring about some changes for the best interest of the taxpayer. My goals are to continue helping tax problem clients. As a Licensed Real Estate Broker, I assist potential buyers on affordability of purchasing and enough knowledge of mortgages to assist my clients in gaining the best rates and mortgage providers. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Linda’s Activity 851 followers Don’s photo Linda commented When you realize what you are capable of the possibilities are endless. www.joethefitpro.com Linda liked Don’s photo Linda liked Thomas R.’s photo Linda liked Don’s photo Linda commented See all activity Experience Owner/Broker Company Name Linda Gambardella, Licensed Real Estate Broker Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Suffern, NY Sales and rentals of Residential and Commercial Real Estate including Property Management Tax Accountant Company Name Linda Gambardella, MBA, Tax Accountant Dates Employed May 1994 – Present Employment Duration 23 yrs 2 mos Location Suffern, New York Tax Accountant Specializing in Tax problemsMember of The Taxpayer Advocacy Panel 12/08 - 2011 Broker/Owner Company Name Top Team Realty Corp. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Suffern, NY Sales and rentals of Commercial and Residential Real Estate President Company Name Suffern Income Tax & Accountuing Services, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 1997 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Location Suffern, New York President of medium sized accounting firm specialzing in tax problems as well as general accounting and taxation. Education Saint Thomas Aquinas College Degree Name BS, & MBA Field Of Study Accounting, MBA in finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Inducted into Delta Mu Delta National Business Honor Society 1995 Volunteer Experience Area Chair Company Name Taxpayer Advococy Panel Dates volunteered Dec 2008 – Nov 2011 Volunteer duration 3 yrs I worked with a group of people from all over the country to improve the IRS and suggest changes mede in the best interest of the taxpayer. Board Member Company Name Association for the Visually Impared Dates volunteered Nov 2013 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Health Board Member for the Association of the Visually impared Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Preparation See 101 endorsements for Tax Preparation 99+ Tax Preparation Endorsed by Evan Golar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 79 endorsements for Tax 79 Tax Endorsed by Evan Golar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 67 endorsements for Accounting 67 Accounting Blake Reed and 66 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Marcello Russodivito Chef Owner at Marcello's restaurant December 19, 2011, Linda was a client of Marcello’s Marchello gives his customers great food and personal attention by him and his staff. It is always a pleasure to have lunch or dinner at his restaurant. Accomplishments Linda has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations National Society of Tax Professionals Ramapo Italian Twinning Committee Interests Social Media Marketing for Financial Services Ecosystem 28,495 members Tax Professionals 114,664 members Realtors , Bankers , Lawyers. Title Co Referral Group 7,400 members Tax Accounting Provider A&M NETWORK 19,243 members Leadership Rockland 431 members RE Link New York 517 members See all See all following
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Riggs Owner, Riggs & Associates, Inc Riggs & Associates, CPA St. Cloud State University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 496 496 connections Send InMail Extensive experience in public accounting and private industry, now specializing in helping small businesses with their accounting and tax needs. I am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) Specialties: Accounting and Tax return preparation for companies and individuals Field examination services for banks and commercial lenders Fraud examination services for attorneys and CEO's Accounting services (using Quickbooks) Business valuation services for business owners planning to sell their business or buy a business See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Riggs & Associates, CPA Dates Employed Mar 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 4 mos Accounting and tax services for small businesses and their owners; Field examination services for banks and other commercial lenders; Fraud investigations for attorneys of privately held businesses; Business valuation services Owner Company Name Hypointe Travel Service Dates Employed 1996 – 2009 Employment Duration 13 yrs My responsibilities include planning vacations for individuals and trips for groups. My extensive travel while working in corporate America is a real advantage because in many cases - I've been there! Vice President of Private Placements Company Name Washington Square Capital, Inc Dates Employed Jan 1995 – Mar 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Served as an account officer responsible for administering approximately 12 problem loans totaling $35 million and four revolving credit accounts with lines of credit of approximately $20 million. Prepared write-ups and recommendations for investment committee approval regarding sales, modification, or restructures of problem loans. Prepared cash flow assessments and financial analysis of clients. Oversaw the budget center for commercial loans including strategic planning, annual budgets, and quarterly reforecasts. Performed field examinations and other monitoring procedures. Highlights included:Reduced problem loans by $14 million or 23% during 1995Negotiated the extension of a forbearance agreement with one borrower which resulted in additional monthly amortization and stabilized a tenuous situation between the lender and borrower.Negotiated the restructure of a loan which required the borrower to start making monthly payments to fully amortize the loan over a reduced time frame.Assisted one borrower in implementing a cash flow projection model on a contract-by-contract basis, resulting in improved margins from price quotes to actual results and borrower making regular monthly principal payments. Vice President Company Name ING Dates Employed Apr 1987 – Jan 1996 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Managed the Field Examination department for the Commercial Loan Department Vice President of Operations Company Name Washington Square Financial (a division of Washington Square Capital, Inc Dates Employed Jan 1987 – Jan 1995 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Prepared the annual budget for division and quarterly reforecasts. Assisted in developing and writing the strategic plans and business plans. Prepared three-year financial projections, month-end accruals, variance analysis, preliminary credit reviews of potential loan clients. Managed and supervised field examinations, new business surveys and due diligence work. Participated on the Credit Committee at the Division level. Conducted presentations to the Investment Committee. Recruited, hired and trained field examination staff and operations management staff.Led Division to annual profits (annualized ROE in excess of 20%)Performed litigation support services for attorneys representing DivisionDealt effectively with maintaining the schedule of field examinations and monitoring problem loans during a four-year period of downsizing and expense reduction. See more positions Education St. Cloud State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Business Administration, Accounting Major Featured Skills & Endorsements Small Business See 48 endorsements for Small Business 48 Small Business Endorsed by Ryan Zakariasen and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 43 endorsements for Financial Analysis 43 Financial Analysis Phorn Chhang and 42 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cash Flow See 31 endorsements for Cash Flow 31 Cash Flow Phorn Chhang and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Knebl, CMEC Int'l Speaker/Author ✯ Social Selling & Relationship Mktg Specialist ✯ Joie de Vivre Coach™ ✯ 1895+ Rec August 6, 2015, Bob was a client of Kevin’s Kevin is an outstanding speaker and so knowledgeable. I learned a lot from his webinar and would highly recommend him to my colleagues and friends. Ted Halone Hair and Wig Master Stylist at Ted @ Salon Concepts. Edina MN July 5, 2011, Bob was a client of Ted’s Ted is very good at what he does and I have been very satisfied with the results! That's why I keep using his services.I highly recommend him! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,961,369 followers Commercial Finance Association - CFA 13,645 members Intuit Accountants 4,062 followers AppleOne Employment Services 83,329 followers Herb GreenbergHerb Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Pacific Square Research 333,263 followers Best Buy 234,476 followers See all See all following
More Actions Walt has a account Walt Dallas Income Tax Planning, Business Succession Planning and Estate Tax Planning T. Walton Dallas, P.A. Southern Methodist University Flowood, Mississippi 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail We are passionate about helping clients save on income taxes. We believe that if clients can keep more of their income, they will be more productive helping everyone. Income tax rates have increased: with the top federal income tax rates at 39.60%. Add in an estimated 5% state tax and the rate is around 45%. Add the new payroll tax of 3.8% and the marginal rate is just under 50%. Proper estate planning is a must if you care for your family. Take the time to show them when you are not around. With the number of small businesses held by persons over the age of 60, there needs to be a great deal of business succession planning. We have proven methods to accomplish this. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name T. Walton Dallas, P.A. Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 3 mos Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Income tax planning, estate planning, estate tax planning, probate, corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies association representation, and insurance pooling for workers compensation. Partner Attorney Company Name Barnes, Broom, Dallas and McLeod, PLLC Dates Employed Apr 1995 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Estate Planning focusing on large estates; estate tax; income tax planning, probate, and transactional. Attorney Partner Company Name Crosthwait Terney Dates Employed Apr 1989 – Apr 1995 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Estate Planning; income tax planning, transactional, insurance pooling for workers compensation, and federal and local tax litigation. Attorney Company Name Dossett, Goode, Barnes and Broom Dates Employed Apr 1985 – Apr 1989 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Jackson, Mississippi Area Drafting of legal documents, representation of clients in court, and research income tax and estate tax issues. Tax Consultant Company Name Touche Ross Dates Employed Apr 1984 – Aug 1985 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Dallas, Texas Preparation of income tax returns for real estate partnerships; planning for income tax reduction for high income clients, tax research. Education Southern Methodist University Degree Name Masters of Laws in Taxation Field Of Study Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1984 Well rounded study of tax. University of Mississippi School of Law Degree Name Juris Doctor Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Moot Court Board Mississippi State University Degree Name BPA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Activities and Societies: Member of the All School Championship Team in Flag Football at Mississippi State University Kappa Alpha Fraternity; Student Senate, Member of Championship all school flag football team. Volunteer Experience Short Term Missionary Company Name Pear Orchard Presbeterian Church Dates volunteered Aug 2015 – Aug 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Added structure to a church in Trullio Peru for a week. Long hot days but wonderful church members and long term missionaries. The vacation Bible school we put on was special also and allowed us to get to know the children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Estate Planning See 116 endorsements for Estate Planning 99+ Estate Planning Endorsed by Scott Hamilton and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Trusts See 74 endorsements for Trusts 74 Trusts Endorsed by Gary Waitzman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Law See 57 endorsements for Tax Law 57 Tax Law Chad Franks, CLF®, CLU®, ChFC®, LUTCF® and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (9) Gray Wiggers President and CEO at Goodwill Industries of Mississippi, Inc. Retired December 31, 2015 May 19, 2014, Gray was a client of Walt’s Walt has helped our family by providing trusted counsel with respect to our wills and other significant documents as well as research to make personal financial and legal decisions.Gray Wiggers Durr Boyles Principal/Owner at Boyles Moak, Insurance June 6, 2014, Walt was a client of Durr’s Durr has shown leadership in many areas. He has a management style that makes people want to work with him. Also he is one of the most knowledgeable persons in the insurance industry. Jim Faletti Retired President & Founder of Strategic Insights, Ltd May 19, 2014, Walt worked with Jim but at different companies Jim has such a kind manner to settle things own and get the discussions back on track. He has been able to get us focused and stay on point to accomplish important matters. I recommend Jim for strategic business planning. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Southern Methodist University 93,821 followers Estate Planning 19,998 members T. Walton Dallas, P.A. 5 followers Tax Directors 12,170 members Tax Directors: Structuring & Saving 12 members University of Mississippi School of Law 9,586 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Humes Principal at CliftonLarsonAllen CliftonLarsonAllen William Jewell College Greater St. Louis Area 290 290 connections Send InMail Specialties: Taxation Real estate transactions Highlights Experience Principal Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Partner, Tax Company Name CliftonLarsonAllen Dates Employed 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Partner Company Name Humes & Barrington, LLP Dates Employed 1985 – 2010 Employment Duration 25 yrs Education William Jewell College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1978 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 20 endorsements for Tax 20 Tax Endorsed by Joan Humes, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills CPA See 12 endorsements for CPA 12 CPA David Scobee and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 10 endorsements for Accounting 10 Accounting MARK S. MICHELSON, CLTC and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Peggy Swisher Owner at Nothing Fancy Cafe and Nothing Fancy Rink July 1, 2014, Peggy was a client of Brian’s Has taken care of my parents accounting and tax stuff with consistently with loving care that you don't find in people anymore. Out of 10 he is a 12. Edward Kohn Partner at Greenberg Development Company August 9, 2013, Edward was a client of Brian’s Edward Kohn Partner at Greenberg Development Company August 9, 2013, Edward was a client of Brian’s Ed understands the real estate market and can fairly evaluation leasing terms Laura Wunsch Associate at CliftonLarsonAllen February 11, 2012, Brian managed Laura directly Laura has strong organization skills, great follow up on projects she manages and is an integral part of delivering high quality professional solutions for our customers. Accomplishments Interests Americare 693 followers William Jewell College 10,523 followers Real Estate Investment Guild: Investors, Capital Raising, Fund Formation & Fund Administration 68,300 members John A. ByrneJohn A. Byrne is a LinkedIn Influencer Fast Company & BusinessWeek Former Editor 665,978 followers William Jewell College 10,063 followers Farmers Insurance 91,183 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Story Director of Income Tax at Atmos Energy Atmos Energy The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Dallas/Fort Worth Area 47 47 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director of Income Tax Company Name Atmos Energy Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Manager of Income Tax Company Name Atmos Energy Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Atmos Energy Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Education The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 4 endorsements for Financial Reporting 4 Financial Reporting Phil Guillen and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 2 endorsements for Income Tax 2 Income Tax Phil Guillen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 2 endorsements for Accounting 2 Accounting Phil Guillen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas 31,242 followers BlackLine 13,961 followers Atmos Energy 9,158 followers Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas 30,828 followers
More Actions Gloria Yang, has a account Gloria Yang, CPA Tax Accountant at Lincoln Financial Group West Pharmaceutical Services The George Washington University - School of Business Greater Philadelphia Area 242 242 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Tax Analyst Company Name West Pharmaceutical Services Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Tax Accountant Company Name Lincoln Financial Group Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Radnor, PA Senior Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Federal Tax - Financial Services - Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), Private Equity Lecturer Company Name University of Michigan Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Education The George Washington University - School of Business Degree Name Master Field Of Study accountancy Activities and Societies: Vice President: Master of Accountancy Student Association (MASA) Indiana University Bloomington Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 1 endorsement for Tax 1 Tax Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 1 endorsement for Financial Analysis 1 Financial Analysis Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 1 endorsement for Financial Reporting 1 Financial Reporting Stephanie (Qiong) You has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gloria Yang, has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Gloria Yang, has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Gloria Yang, has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The Ultimate Word List - Mandarin: 4400 Most Commonly Used Characters (Mandarin Chinese Edition) Interests The George Washington University - School of Business 52,665 followers Virginia Society of Certified Public Accountants 6,142 members West Pharmaceutical Services 14,963 followers KPMG US 455,542 followers GWMASA 182 members The Wall Street Job Report 40,620 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Lewis Certified Public Accountant Markwell & Lewis LLP University of Minnesota-Duluth Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 278 278 connections Send InMail Chris has over thirteen years of public accounting experience specializing in manufacturing and distribution, professional services, construction and real estate, retail companies, corporate taxation, personal taxation and not-for-profit organizations. His experiences give him a unique ability to think outside the box to assist clients in improving operational results. Chris provides service in a proactive manner, while educating clients as he meets their financial and accounting needs. Chris prides himself on putting clients ahead of firm and personal goals. He works on-site with clients to better serve, understand and deliver products with the highest quality. His intuitive vision and technological background are balanced by years of experience. Chris’ ability to listen to and understand your specific needs ensures a positive long-term relationship. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Company Name Markwell & Lewis LLP Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos We are a full service CPA firm located in the Twin Cities Metropolitan Area of Minnesota Manager Company Name HDL Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Education University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Accounting See 35 endorsements for Accounting 35 Accounting Aaron Schoenecker and 34 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business See 18 endorsements for Small Business 18 Small Business Mark Carlson and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 17 endorsements for Tax 17 Tax Mary Pauly and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Ken Graczak Loan Officer July 15, 2011, Chris was a client of Ken’s Chris builds tremendous value to all his clients. He goes above and beyond when dealing with business owners as it pertains to their accounting. He is an "out of the box" thinking accountant and enjoys helping small business find ways to save money throughout the year. If you are a small business owner I would HIGHLY suggest at least meeting with Chris! It could save you thousands... Jenn Urban Attorney for Nonprofits & Owner, Legal for Good PLLC September 10, 2012, Chris worked with Jenn but at different companies I have consulted with Jenn on a variety of Not-For-Profit Organization issues and she has always been very helpful and pointed me in the right direction. I have referred her to clients of mine and she has done an excellent job servicing them. Jenn is a great resource for my firm and clients!! Tom Scott Real Estate Agent & Associate Broker August 22, 2012, Chris worked with Tom but at different companies I am a CPA and when my clients tell me they are thinking of moving, Tom Scott is the first Realtor we call. All of the people I have recommended to Tom have come back to me to tell me how great it was having Tom as their Realtor. His service and professionalism are unmatched, if you’re changing homes be sure to call Tom! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Finance/Accounting Consultants Group 56,750 members University of Minnesota Duluth 60,161 followers AccountPro, LLC 7 followers GuideStar -- The Nonprofit Conversation 14,308 members Speaker Tips 294 members Markwell & Lewis LLP 11 followers See all See all following
More Actions Barry has a account Barry Stein Owner at Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Queens College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I enhance my clients tax and business decisions by always making myself available to them. I follow up on ALL my clients as necessary and seek to assist them in the way(s) that they need me best. Specialties: I am involved in Personal tax as well as Business/Corporate Tax & Accounting work. I do have an expertise in small cap businesses. I am a proud member in good standing with the National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Barry Stein Tax & Accounting Services Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 6 mos Executive Director Company Name Passaic Torah Institute Dates Employed 2004 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 11 yrs Senior Accountant Company Name Weisberg, Mole, Krantz & Goldfarb, LLP Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Education Queens College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Activities and Societies: I was the President of the Council of Jewish Organizations (CJO), Student Senator, Business and Liberal Arts Honors Minor (BALA), Treasurer of The Quad (Student Newspaper), etc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax See 141 endorsements for Tax 99+ Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 140 endorsements for Accounting 99+ Accounting Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Income Tax See 122 endorsements for Income Tax 99+ Income Tax Endorsed by Kenneth Steinberg, MST, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Carl A. Singer They have yet to build the box that I cannot think outside of! December 16, 2015, Carl A. was a client of Barry’s Barry is always there when I need a question answered. He is proactive throughout the year to make sure I'm on top of tax related matters. Jeffrey Grossman Accountant at Jewish Home Lifecare October 13, 2014, Jeffrey and Barry were students together Ex. Barry is very detailed-oriented and produced great results for the company... View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Shaya Jaffe Reading Specialist - Bible and Talmud at Passaic Torah Institute December 23, 2013, Barry was a client of Shaya’s It's a pleasure working with Rabbi Jaffe. It has made a world of difference in my son's learning and his self confidence. Bruce Sigman Owner at Julius A. Rose, Inc March 31, 2013, Barry was a client of Bruce’s Bruce is the best insurance agent I have ever had the pleasure of working with. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Barry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification IRS AFSP Compliant Barry has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Association of Tax Professionals (NATP) Interests CPE & Training - Thomson Reuters 850 members Finance Club 1,037,900 members AccountantsWorld 33,574 followers Thomson Reuters Checkpoint 6,321 followers National Association of Tax Professionals 2,959 followers Invesco US 56,810 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lucy has a account Lucy Nalbandian CSUN VITA Faculty California State University, Northridge Golden Gate University Greater Los Angeles Area 210 210 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Lucy’s Activity 215 followers Good article for any college student... Lucy shared this 7 EASY Ways to Upgrade Your LinkedIn Profile! Lucy shared this See all activity Experience CSUN Adjunct Faculty Company Name California State University, Northridge Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Northridge CSUN VITA Clinic Faculty - Bookstein Institute - Volunteer Income Tax Assistance: CSUN's VITA Clinic first opened its doors in 1970. We are continuing and increasing our commitment to the San Fernando Valley community by providing high quality income tax preparation services at no charge. Students learn Individual tax law, become certified as an IRS Tax Volunteer and provide tax services to individuals in a professional setting. Students succeed in learning tax technical and software skills; as well as developing and enhancing their skills to communicate and interact with clients. Financial Accounting for MBA's: Introduce financial accounting concepts and principles; create an understanding of the function of financial statements for external and internal users; explain the importance of management's responsibility in providing accurate financial reporting that follows Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Emphasize the necessity of ethical standards in the business environment; and the financial and economical consequences of compromising reporting standards. Introduce International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and how GAAP and IFRS coexist in the global accounting business environment.Internship for College Credit - Field Assignment: Created a curriculum that guides Accounting and Information System majors to achieve the most of their internship experience; enhance the concept of personal branding; emphasize the importance of proper professional business behavior; accentuate the power of networking; and highlight the necessity of proper business and personal etiquette. Media (1) This position has 1 media The CSUN VITA Clinic The CSUN VITA Clinic This media is a link Tax Consultant Company Name The Walt Disney Company Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos State Tax Controversy and Audit Tax Consultant Company Name Superior Industries Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 9 mos Tax Consultant Company Name Teledyne Technologies Incorporated Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos International Tax Manager Company Name Cardinal Health (Syncor International Corporation) Dates Employed 1998 – 2003 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Woodland Hills, CA See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master of Science - Taxation Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 California State University-Northridge Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management - Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi - Vice President of Activities| Volunteer Income Tax Assistance| Accounting Association Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Junior Achievement of Southern California Skills Instructor-led Training Instructor-led Training Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management Project Management Click and drag to reorder skills Student Development Student Development Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax Corporate Tax Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lucy has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Armenian English Spanish Lucy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests AccountingWEB.com 170 followers PwC 1,356,154 followers Deloitte University Press 15,886 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,514,837 followers KPMG 595,545 followers California State University, Northridge 177,764 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heather has a account Heather Choi Tax Manager at Perelson Weiner LLP Perelson Weiner LLP Golden Gate University Greater New York City Area 75 75 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Perelson Weiner LLP Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Sr. Tax Manager Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Manager Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Shannon & Snyder CPAs Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master in Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 6 endorsements for Tax Research 6 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 5 endorsements for Corporate Tax 5 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Endorsed by David Schneyman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Golden Gate University 40,150 followers Golden Gate University 42,408 followers Friedman LLP 4,159 followers Perelson Weiner LLP 536 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Smith Chief Financial Officer at Bridgestone Mulitimedia Group Bridgestone Mulitimedia Group Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business Scottsdale, Arizona 332 332 connections Send InMail Highly credentialed Executive Manager offering more than 20 years of Domestic and International Financial Analysis, Controllership and Chief Financial Officer experience with well-known global companies. Results orientated individual with proven ability in the areas of strategy, analysis, business transactions, system implementation, financial reporting, tax compliance and company stewardship. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Bridgestone Mulitimedia Group Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chandler, Arizona A Family Office consisting of Bridgestone Multimedia Group, a family friendly media company, Evergreen Management, a real estate investment company and Glynlyon Investment Group, an investment company targeting early stage business opportunities. Responsible for overseeing accounting, tax & legal compliance, investment due diligence and analysis. Chief Financial Officer Company Name Glynlyon Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Phoenix, Arizona Area A Global company consisting of K-12 educational industry leaders Odysseyware and Alpha Omega Publications as well as family friendly Bridgestone Multimedia Group. Responsible for overseeing finance, accounting, tax, legal and facilities functions. Recent Accomplishments-Collaborated with other executive management and financial/legal consultants in the preparation, presentation and successful recapitalization of Odysseyware and Alpha Omega Publications.-Lead the carve out and system implementation of Bridgestone Multimedia Group -Oversaw the modernization and implementation of all financial systems (payroll, expense management, travel management and ERP-Great Plains 2015). Director of Accounting Company Name Axway Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona A global French Technology, Distribution and Service company whose products are sold through a direct sales force. Responsible for supervision of financial professionals for a $100+ million US and $10+ million UK subsidiary. Functional areas included general accounting and reporting, corporate insurance, treasury, banking relationship, external audit relationship, travel, facilities, tax compliance and budgeting/forecasting. Finance Director Company Name For The Record, Limited (A Melbourne IT Company) Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Phoenix, Arizona Area Oversee financial reporting, tax compliance, audit, insurance and forecasting for a subsidary of a publicly held Austrialian company. Chief Financial Officer Company Name Najafi Companies Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance University of Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 35 endorsements for Financial Reporting 35 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Ebbie Wirick, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Patrick’s colleagues at Glynlyon Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 32 endorsements for Accounting 32 Accounting Endorsed by Michelle Murphy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Patrick’s colleagues at Glynlyon Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 26 endorsements for Finance 26 Finance Endorsed by 3 of Patrick’s colleagues at Glynlyon Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Keith Costello OPS Director - IT Director at azpro March 26, 2009, Patrick worked with Keith in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Keith on numerous occasions on IT procurement projects, product support and internal in-house issues. Keith is very passionate about solving his customers’ challenges in a timely manner. I observed him always making himself available to solve customer issues even if it were at odd hours. In addition to customer service excellence, Keith is very fiscally prudent when evaluating and recommending the best value IT solutions. His recommendations had helped the company realize more value on its IT spend. It was a pleasure working with Keith. Sonja Larkins Unemployed - Seeking Full time employment March 26, 2009, Patrick managed Sonja directly Sonja is a very bright and forward thinking Sales Support Specialist. Two of her many talents are a tenacious attention to detail and willingness to contribute to the group. On numerous occasions she used these talents to benefit the company by collaborating on systems and process changes which made sales procesing more efficient. It was a pleasure working with Sonja. . View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA-Arizona Interests EY US Alumni (Official) 17,599 members Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business 35,294 followers Arizona State University - W. P. Carey School of Business 37,929 followers University of Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business 21,073 followers Glynlyon Inc. 907 followers W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University 13,459 members See all See all following
More Actions Kathy has a account Kathy Fountain, CPA, CGMA CFO at SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. University of St. Thomas (TX) Houston, Texas 121 121 connections Send InMail SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS Seasoned manager and certified public accountant with a diversified background in major corporations and as an entrepreneur. Core areas of expertise include: • Financial Planning and Management • Seasoned Business Manager • Human Resource Management • Corporate Secretary and Controller • Financial Risk Assessment • Tax Specialist See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CFO Company Name SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Lead Instructor - Glasscock School of Continuing Education Company Name Rice University Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Houston, Tx CFO, Vice President Company Name Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Tx Chief Financial Officer Company Name AAMA Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Controller Company Name Girl Scouts of San Jacinto Council Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Houston, Tx See more positions Education University of St. Thomas (TX) Degree Name Masters of Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 University of Houston Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi (National Honor Society for Accountants) Volunteer Experience School Board President Company Name Saint Augustine Catholic Dates volunteered 1986 – 1991 Volunteer duration 5 yrs Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Nonprofits See 13 endorsements for Nonprofits 13 Nonprofits Endorsed by Angela Seaworth, PhD, ACFRE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kathy’s colleagues at SER-Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Fundraising See 5 endorsements for Fundraising 5 Fundraising Justine Townsend, CPA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 5 endorsements for Public Speaking 5 Public Speaking Endorsed by Tracy M. Howard, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ernest Lewis III, MBA Executive Director at Queensbury Theatre February 18, 2015, Kathy was senior to Ernest but didn’t manage directly Ernest and I worked together to coordinate the financial and programmatic areas of Mamie George Community Center. He was always effective and reliable in his management of the center and the use of its resources...including facilities, finances and staffing. Ernest, you made my job much easier by being there. I knew that there was someone I could trust. Sophia Wong Vice President of Finance at Asia Society Texas Center July 22, 2014, Kathy managed Sophia directly It has been my pleasure to work with Sophia Wong while I was the CFO at Catholic Charities. Sophia was my controller and was the most organized and professional accountant I have ever had work for me. She managed a staff of 10 and provided guidance and supervision through the very hectic pace of managing 54 contracts for 19 programs. These contracts involved numerous fiscal monitorings by the federal, state, county and city governments and an annual A-133 Yellow Book audit. She was able to see that there were no findings to the Agency from any of these audits. Accomplishments Kathy has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Global Management Accountant Certified Public Accountant Interests Rice University 57,594 followers Rice University 62,525 followers University of St. Thomas (TX) 15,562 followers SER-Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. 608 followers University of St. Thomas (TX) 17,295 followers
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Cikota Accounting/Finance at Hologic Hologic Hanover Insurance - Learning management online Marlborough, Massachusetts 258 258 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting/Finance Company Name Hologic Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Marlboro MA Sales Coordinator Company Name Evergreen Solar Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Marlboro MA Senior Accounts Payable Administrator Company Name Evergreen Solar Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Marlboro MA Premium Accounting -Financial Analyst Company Name Hanover Insurance Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Worcester MA Education Hanover Insurance - Learning management online Wachusett Regional High School Degree Name High School Diploma Holden MA Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 11 endorsements for SAP 11 SAP Robert A. (Bart) McCracken and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 9 endorsements for Accounts Payable 9 Accounts Payable Endorsed by 6 of Lisa’s colleagues at Evergreen Solar Click and drag to reorder skills Outlook See 7 endorsements for Outlook 7 Outlook Chris Lawson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bernard J. TysonBernard J. Tyson is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of Kaiser Permanente 343,679 followers Becker's Healthcare 202,313 followers General Compression 891 followers UMass Memorial Medical Center 13,255 followers SAP Community 413,772 members Hologic, Inc. 45,492 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Pollack Owner and President at JLPollackCPA, PLLC JLPollack, CPA, PLLC UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School Charlotte, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner and President Company Name JLPollack, CPA, PLLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Charlotte, NC Specialize in personal income taxes and small business income taxes. Media (1) This position has 1 media JLPollack CPA JLPollack CPA This media is a link Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Nucor Corporation Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Tax Manager Company Name ParsonsCPA Dates Employed May 2009 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Senior Tax Associate Company Name Grant Thornton Dates Employed Sep 2006 – May 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Education UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Providence High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Income Tax See 38 endorsements for Income Tax 38 Income Tax Endorsed by 3 of James’ colleagues at Nucor Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Tax Preparation See 28 endorsements for Tax Preparation 28 Tax Preparation Endorsed by David Akins, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of James’ colleagues at Nucor Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 24 endorsements for Accounting 24 Accounting Endorsed by David Akins, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 33,436 followers UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 26,758 followers Nucor Corporation 19,258 followers
More Actions Heather has a account Heather Choi Tax Manager at Perelson Weiner LLP Perelson Weiner LLP Golden Gate University Greater New York City Area 75 75 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Tax Manager Company Name Perelson Weiner LLP Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Sr. Tax Manager Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tax Manager Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Friedman LLP Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Senior Tax Accountant Company Name Shannon & Snyder CPAs Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name Master in Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tax Research See 6 endorsements for Tax Research 6 Tax Research Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Tax See 5 endorsements for Corporate Tax 5 Corporate Tax Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 4 endorsements for Tax 4 Tax Endorsed by David Schneyman, CPA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Heather’s colleagues at Friedman LLP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Perelson Weiner LLP 536 followers Golden Gate University 42,408 followers Friedman LLP 4,159 followers Golden Gate University 40,150 followers
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Cikota Accounting/Finance at Hologic Hologic Hanover Insurance - Learning management online Marlborough, Massachusetts 258 258 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Accounting/Finance Company Name Hologic Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Marlboro MA Sales Coordinator Company Name Evergreen Solar Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Marlboro MA Senior Accounts Payable Administrator Company Name Evergreen Solar Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Marlboro MA Premium Accounting -Financial Analyst Company Name Hanover Insurance Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Worcester MA Education Hanover Insurance - Learning management online Wachusett Regional High School Degree Name High School Diploma Holden MA Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 11 endorsements for SAP 11 SAP Robert A. (Bart) McCracken and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Payable See 9 endorsements for Accounts Payable 9 Accounts Payable Endorsed by 6 of Lisa’s colleagues at Evergreen Solar Click and drag to reorder skills Outlook See 7 endorsements for Outlook 7 Outlook Chris Lawson and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Becker's Healthcare 202,313 followers Bernard J. TysonBernard J. Tyson is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of Kaiser Permanente 343,679 followers Lucien EngelenLucien Engelen is a LinkedIn Influencer Director REshape Center for Health(care) Innovation 692,858 followers General Compression 891 followers UMass Memorial Medical Center 13,255 followers Hologic, Inc. 45,492 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kathy has a account Kathy Fountain, CPA, CGMA CFO at SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. University of St. Thomas (TX) Houston, Texas 121 121 connections Send InMail SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS Seasoned manager and certified public accountant with a diversified background in major corporations and as an entrepreneur. Core areas of expertise include: • Financial Planning and Management • Seasoned Business Manager • Human Resource Management • Corporate Secretary and Controller • Financial Risk Assessment • Tax Specialist See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CFO Company Name SER - Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Lead Instructor - Glasscock School of Continuing Education Company Name Rice University Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Houston, Tx CFO, Vice President Company Name Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Tx Chief Financial Officer Company Name AAMA Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Controller Company Name Girl Scouts of San Jacinto Council Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Houston, Tx See more positions Education University of St. Thomas (TX) Degree Name Masters of Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 University of Houston Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1970 – 1974 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi (National Honor Society for Accountants) Volunteer Experience School Board President Company Name Saint Augustine Catholic Dates volunteered 1986 – 1991 Volunteer duration 5 yrs Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Nonprofits See 13 endorsements for Nonprofits 13 Nonprofits Endorsed by Angela Seaworth, PhD, ACFRE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kathy’s colleagues at SER-Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Fundraising See 5 endorsements for Fundraising 5 Fundraising Justine Townsend, CPA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 5 endorsements for Public Speaking 5 Public Speaking Endorsed by Tracy M. Howard, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ernest Lewis III, MBA Executive Director at Queensbury Theatre February 18, 2015, Kathy was senior to Ernest but didn’t manage directly Ernest and I worked together to coordinate the financial and programmatic areas of Mamie George Community Center. He was always effective and reliable in his management of the center and the use of its resources...including facilities, finances and staffing. Ernest, you made my job much easier by being there. I knew that there was someone I could trust. Sophia Wong Vice President of Finance at Asia Society Texas Center July 22, 2014, Kathy managed Sophia directly It has been my pleasure to work with Sophia Wong while I was the CFO at Catholic Charities. Sophia was my controller and was the most organized and professional accountant I have ever had work for me. She managed a staff of 10 and provided guidance and supervision through the very hectic pace of managing 54 contracts for 19 programs. These contracts involved numerous fiscal monitorings by the federal, state, county and city governments and an annual A-133 Yellow Book audit. She was able to see that there were no findings to the Agency from any of these audits. Accomplishments Kathy has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Global Management Accountant Certified Public Accountant Interests SER-Jobs for Progress of the Texas Gulf Coast, Inc. 608 followers Rice University 62,525 followers University of St. Thomas (TX) 17,295 followers University of St. Thomas (TX) 15,563 followers Rice University 57,593 followers
More Actions Rosina has a account Rosina Martin Senior Tax Accountant at Office Depot Office Depot Nova Southeastern University Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 19 19 connections Send InMail Experience in Sales and Use tax including conducting audits; audit defense; working with electronic data and tax engines (Vertex and Taxware) Highlights Experience Tax Accountant Company Name Office Depot Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Tax Accountant Company Name Office Depot Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Boca Raton, FL • Present audit defenses to taxing authorities• Respond to Information Document Requests from state auditors• Prepare formal audit responses• Research tax issues using various research engines• Participate in major tax-related company-wide projects and initiatives• Work on tax-related systems projects and tasks involving Vertex and Taxware tax engines Media (1) This position has 1 media RESUME_Rosina Martin RESUME_Rosina Martin This media is a document Computer Audit Analyst Company Name FL Department of Revenue Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos • Analyzed and evaluate accounting software programs for data retrieval• Converted electronic accounting data into format used in audit software programs• Assisted auditors in conducting audits using electronic data • Conducted investigations of complaints involving computer systems and provide technical support• Coordinated communication of system-related information from the IT department to audit staff• Assisted in the development of state-wide training materials for audit computer programs• Developed training plans and train audit staff in software applications and electronic auditing procedures• Tested new software and upgrades of existing software and provide feedback and suggestions for enhancements• Conducted refund verification audits• Conducted Communications Services Tax compliance audits Tax Auditor Company Name FL Department of Revenue Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos • Conducted Sales and Use tax compliance audits of various industries, primarily retail industries• Conducted Communications Services tax compliance audits• Conducted refund verification audits • Conducted audits using electronic data including stratified statistical sampling• Prepared comprehensive audit reports to disclose the scope, issues and results of audits• Assisted managers of business entities in the proper administration of Florida tax laws to improve compliance• Trained new auditors to conduct Sales and Use tax audits• Trained auditors to conduct Communications Services tax audits• Tested new versions of Department of Revenue software programs Education Nova Southeastern University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 University of the Virgin Islands Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 1 endorsement for Auditing 1 Auditing Marcia Scully, CPA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills General Ledger See 1 endorsement for General Ledger 1 General Ledger Ann Ray has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 1 endorsement for Accounting 1 Accounting Ann Ray has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rosina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Nova Southeastern University 101,885 followers Ahearn Jasco + Company, P.A. 69 followers Office Depot 69,670 followers Nova Southeastern University 96,796 followers University of the Virgin Islands 5,972 followers University of the Virgin Islands 6,471 followers
